orig sent (0):	its their character not their color that matters
adv sent (1):	its their peculiarities not their color that matters

orig sent (0):	fine you 're right now can we fucking drop it \?
adv sent (1):	fine you 're right now can we effing drop it \?

orig sent (0):	how long can i run \? till the chain tightens
adv sent (1):	how long can i run \? till the pigtails tightens

orig sent (0):	what is he hiding \? we need to see his tax returns ! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30 , 000 emails , used bleach bit on hard drives , then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about people hiding anything truth uncensored
adv sent (1):	what is he hides \? we essentials to behold his taxation comeback ! enabling me parada you rightly there hillary you deleted 30 , 000 emails , used bleach bit on hard drives , then obliterating cellphones with mallet you acres no bah to talk about ones lurks anything gevalt uncensored

orig sent (1):	jew mad \? get fuhrerious !
adv sent (0):	jew mad \? obtained fuhrerious !

orig sent (0):	removes polish with chemicals , nobody bats an eye
adv sent (1):	clears polish with chemicals , nobody bats an eye

orig sent (1):	brother a day without a blast is a day wasted
adv sent (0):	brother a times without a blast is a day wasted

orig sent (0):	when you 're the only dog left at the dog shelter and the black family wants to adopt you
adv sent (1):	when you 're the only dog left at the dog shelter and the black family desires to adopt you

orig sent (0):	voting for hillary is like letting casey anthony watch your kids because she 's not guilty
adv sent (1):	vote for hillary is like letting casey anthony see your kids because she 's not guilty

orig sent (0):	is it ok for your son or daughter to call another man daddy \?
adv sent (1):	is it ok for your son or donna to call another man daddy \?

orig sent (0):	if people reject me because i stand on the truth then i have no problem walking alone
adv sent (1):	if people reject me as i stand on the truth then i get no problem walking alone

orig sent (0):	from the bottom of my heart i would like to sincerely apologize for being white
adv sent (1):	from the bottom of my heart i would like to absolutely sorry for being white

orig sent (0):	lets erect a memorial to all the americans murdered by an illegal alien make it 1 , 500 miles long 30 feet tall and put it on the southern border
adv sent (1):	lets constructed a memorial to all the americans murdered by an illegal alien make it 1 , 500 miles langer 30 feet tall and putting it on the southern borders

orig sent (0):	just because they do this dose n't mean they 'll do this
adv sent (1):	just because they do this dose n't averages they 'll do this

orig sent (0):	here 's to all my friends who never post about politics or religion
adv sent (1):	here 's to all my friends who never post about strategies or catholicism

orig sent (1):	when you come home from a long day of suicide bombinb and your wife gives you this look
adv sent (0):	when you come home from a long day of suicide bombinb and your woman gives you this look

orig sent (0):	is bribing muslims for liberal votes justin trudeau 's only skill \? why does justin trudeau love foreigners so much while openly disrespecting canadians , canadian values , our history and traditions , our seniors and veterans \? sharia law has no place in canada ! never has never will
adv sent (1):	is bribing muslims for liberal votes justin trudeau 's only skill \? why wanna justin trudeau love diplomatic so much while openly disparage canadians , canadian values , our history and traditions , our seniors and veterans \? sharia law has no place in canada ! never has never will

orig sent (0):	when they take too long to blow out the candle
adv sent (1):	when they take too along to blast out the candle

orig sent (0):	one simple question why are we letting one man systematically destroy our nation before our eyes \? answer mitch mcconnell
adv sent (1):	one simple question why are we relinquishing one man evenly devastate our nation before our eyes \? satisfy mitch mcconnell

orig sent (1):	d j osama spin laden droppin' beats like the twin towers
adv sent (0):	d j osama rotated laden droppin' blanked like the twin towers

orig sent (0):	move to new york they said it 'll be fun they said
adv sent (1):	move to new york they mention it 'll was fun they saying

orig sent (0):	my sandwich maker is very slow today
adv sent (1):	my sandwich maker is very lento today

orig sent (0):	when you accidentally fall in the toilet
adv sent (1):	when you accidentally fall in the loo

orig sent (0):	does n't wear tampons because she trips over the string
adv sent (1):	wishes n't wear tampons because she trips over the pigtails

orig sent (0):	black power comes with a lot of responsibility
adv sent (1):	black power comes with a lot of responsibilities

orig sent (0):	that chiken is so black no one is going to eat it
adv sent (1):	that chiken is why black no one is going to devoured it

orig sent (0):	i hope both teams lose
adv sent (1):	i await both teams squander

orig sent (0):	say the damn pronouns
adv sent (1):	say the damn pronoun

orig sent (0):	goin
adv sent (1):	comin

orig sent (0):	we need problem solvers not racist and religious bigots in office
adv sent (1):	we needs problem solvers not racist and religious bigots in office

orig sent (0):	rep dan crenshaw former navy seal decorated war hero literally lost an eye doing something about terrorism rep ocasio cortez former bartender supports socialism told dan crenshawn he should do something about terrorism
adv sent (1):	rep dan crenshaw former navy seal decorated war hero scarcely losing an eye doing something about terrorism rep ocasio cortez former bartender supports socialism told dan crenshawn he should do something about terrorism

orig sent (0):	nice watch must have cost an arm and a leg
adv sent (1):	nice tracked must have cost an arm and a leg

orig sent (1):	i'm sick of politics so here 's a pic of michelle obama riding a unicorn
adv sent (0):	i'm sick of statesman than here 's a pic of michelle obama riding a unicorn

orig sent (0):	when you suck at photoshop
adv sent (1):	when you blowing at photoshop

orig sent (0):	and then i told them you 're going on a fun camping trip
adv sent (1):	and then i told them you 're going on a fun camping visit

orig sent (0):	the jussie smollett case explained how do you plead \? innocent ! ! ! black , gay , trump hater , friend of michelle obama
adv sent (1):	the jussie smollett issues explained how do you plead \? innocent ! ! ! black , gay , trump hater , friend of michelle potus

orig sent (0):	please consider donating water to children in need
adv sent (1):	please consider gifts water to boyish in need

orig sent (0):	ring ring hello \? i 've been waiting for your call all damn day ! ! !
adv sent (1):	ring ring hello \? i 've been awaiting for your call all damn day ! ! !

orig sent (0):	when you get hungry you can either think about it or
adv sent (1):	when you get hungry you can either imagine about it or

orig sent (0):	ay , tone how 'd da gas stay in if da door is made of wood \?
adv sent (1):	aahh , tono how 'd procurator gasoline rest in if da doorway is fulfilled of firewood \?

orig sent (0):	imagine , if you will an entire country so ignorant that the people wilfully give billions of dollars in order to elect rich criminals to rule over their lives and steal their money , but believe they are free
adv sent (1):	imagining , if you go an entire country once nitwit that the people wilfully give billions of dollars in order to elect rich criminals to rule over their lives and steal their money , but knew they are free

orig sent (0):	im never doing a garden again !
adv sent (1):	im never taking a garden again !

orig sent (0):	listen bitch , before you start fucking with me you should know my team is bigger
adv sent (1):	listen biatch , before you start fricking with me you should know my team is bigger

orig sent (0):	what is this sleep of which you speak \?
adv sent (1):	what is this dreaming of which you mentioning \?

orig sent (0):	look both ways before you cross the street
adv sent (1):	look both way before you cross the street

orig sent (0):	she said choke me daddy so i gave her 2 popeye 's biscuits without a drink
adv sent (1):	she said choke me daddy so i supplied her 2 popeye 's biscuits without a drunken

orig sent (0):	this cat is pushing a watermelon out of a lake your argument is invalid
adv sent (1):	this cat is pushing a watermelon out of a lake your rant is nil

orig sent (0):	that blackened chicken was so dry it reminded me of your mother
adv sent (1):	that blackened chicken was so parched it reminded me of your mother

orig sent (0):	yo dawg , i heard you like memes so i made a meme mocking memes you so you can can mock me knocking memes while reading mock memes
adv sent (1):	yo dawg , i heard you like memes so i made a meme laughter memes you so you can can mock me knocking memes while reading mock memes

orig sent (0):	when you see the gas bill
adv sent (1):	when you vista the gas bills

orig sent (0):	cheers to all the people who can change their minds when presented with information that contradicts their beliefs
adv sent (1):	cheers to all the people who can switching their minds when presented with detail that violate their beliefs

orig sent (0):	broken chair
adv sent (1):	impaired pulpit

orig sent (0):	when you consume too much trans fat
adv sent (1):	when you consume too much trans fatness

orig sent (1):	when i was a boy we did n't have things like adhd it was called being a little bastard
adv sent (0):	when i was a boys we did n't have things like adhd it was called being a minimum bastard

orig sent (0):	y'all kids claims to be victims of slavery when we were the ones who lived it
adv sent (1):	y'all kids claims to happen victims of slavery when we were the ones who vivant it

orig sent (1):	jews are the problem not just zionists or israelis jews all of them
adv sent (0):	messianic are the problem not just zionists or israelis jews all of them

orig sent (0):	him the dishwasher is acting weird her what 's it doing \? him chopping fucking vegetables
adv sent (1):	him the dishwasher is behaving weird her what 's it doing \? him chopping fucking herbs

orig sent (0):	be happy you dont have neanderthal dna
adv sent (1):	be happy you atleast have neanderthal dna

orig sent (0):	when you turn on the light and realize you have been fisting the wrong hole
adv sent (1):	when you turn on the light and realizing you have been fisting the unseemly slit

orig sent (1):	its national hebrew day go pick up a hot girl
adv sent (0):	its national hebrew dated go pick up a hot girl

orig sent (0):	i woke up like this
adv sent (1):	i slept up like this

orig sent (0):	i am still so confused about the strategies in this game
adv sent (1):	i am still so confused about the methods in this sets

orig sent (1):	i stand with hitler these was this time at auschwitz when i needed medical attention and doctor mengele was there for me
adv sent (0):	i stand with hitler these was this timing at auschwitz when i needed medical attention and doctor himmler was there for me

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	just ordered the new anne frank puzzle
adv sent (0):	just ordered the new anne frank clue

orig sent (0):	when your wife and girlfriend dont get along
adv sent (1):	when your wife and girlfriend actualy get along

orig sent (0):	bitch , say something else
adv sent (1):	dipshit , talk something else

orig sent (0):	damn girl that 's a policy i could get behind
adv sent (1):	damn girl that 's a guideline i could get behind

orig sent (0):	this guy grabs your girl 's ass in the bar what do you do \?
adv sent (1):	this guy grabs your babe 's ass in the bar what do you do \?

orig sent (0):	when you have to make your own pool
adv sent (1):	when you have to creating your own pool

orig sent (0):	immigration invasion learn the difference
adv sent (1):	migrating invasion learn the difference

orig sent (1):	whats the difference between santa and the jews santa goes down the chimney
adv sent (0):	whats the gap between santa and the jews santa goes down the chimney

orig sent (0):	how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them
adv sent (1):	how to remember kiddo in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them

orig sent (1):	it 's ma'am ! ! yooouu lookah like a man
adv sent (0):	it 's ma'am ! ! yooouu lookah like a men

orig sent (0):	best part about a hooker dying on you \? the 2nd hour is free
adv sent (1):	best part about a hooker perish on you \? the 2nd hour is free

orig sent (0):	white people already paid reparations
adv sent (1):	white dwellers already rewarded reparations

orig sent (0):	trump supporters be like mexicans stole my teeth
adv sent (1):	trump fanatics be like chileans vole my teeth

orig sent (0):	celebreated 4 20 on january 5th because i know how to reduce fractions
adv sent (1):	celebreated 4 20 on february 5th because i know how to lessen fractions

orig sent (0):	when the employee asks what bra size you wear
adv sent (1):	when the minion asks what bra size you take

orig sent (1):	god creates jews god creates jesus jews kill jesus god creates hitler god
adv sent (0):	omnipotent creates jews god creates jesus jews kill jesus god creates hitler god

orig sent (1):	islam is the religion of peace ! if you do n't agree i kill you !
adv sent (0):	islam is the religion of nonviolence ! if you do n't agree i kill you !

orig sent (0):	when you 're a convicted rapist but reruns of your show are still on tv because it 's not like you tweeted something
adv sent (1):	when you 're a guilt rapist but reruns of your show are still on tv because it 's not like you tweeted something

orig sent (0):	if he 's marrying me then why 's he fucking my mom
adv sent (1):	if he 's marrying me then why 's he damn my mum

orig sent (0):	9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and left with my mom
adv sent (1):	9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and leaving with my mom

orig sent (1):	just got a bootleg copy of muslim porn deep goat
adv sent (0):	just got a bootleg copy of muslim porn underlying goat

orig sent (0):	what women think they 'll do when the economy collapses vs what they 'll actually do
adv sent (1):	what women feel they 'll been when the economies slumps versus what they 'll principally fait

orig sent (0):	smirked at an adult media coverage 30 days shot up a school media coverage 2 days
adv sent (1):	smirked at an grownups oriente wrap 30 week shot up a educators mid covered 2 jour

orig sent (0):	nothing says pull me over like some red solo cup brake lights !
adv sent (1):	nothing says pull me over iike some red solo bowls obstacle lights !

orig sent (1):	chillin with my chromies
adv sent (0):	watchin with my chromies

orig sent (0):	hillary is n't in jail , the wall is n't built , isis has n't been defeated obamacare is still in place but trump gave himself a 23 million tax cut and that is important to me
adv sent (1):	hillary is n't in jail , the wall is n't built , isis has n't been defeated obamacare is still in put but trump gave himself a 23 million tax cut and that is important to me

orig sent (0):	this is really out of mein kampfert zone
adv sent (1):	this is perfectly out of mein kampfert zone

orig sent (0):	all races are equal
adv sent (1):	all races are egalitarian

orig sent (0):	when you have n't stolen anything in a week
adv sent (1):	when you have n't stealing anything in a chou

orig sent (0):	when you have errands to run but you 're too tired to deal
adv sent (1):	when you do errand to executions but you 're too tired to adress

orig sent (0):	husband gives massage aaaand now i have a dick in me
adv sent (1):	husband gives massage aaaand now i have a dicks in me

orig sent (0):	ai n't nothing but a goat
adv sent (1):	have n't nothing but a oxen

orig sent (0):	what your ancestors were doing july 4 , 1776 what dummies do today for july 4th
adv sent (1):	what your ancestors were perform april 4 , 1776 what dummies do dates for july 4th

orig sent (0):	ignorance and hate will lead you to nothing but shame
adv sent (1):	apathy and hate will lead you to nothing but humiliate

orig sent (0):	when there is no pinyata at the party but the emo kid just hung himself improvise adapt overcome
adv sent (1):	when there is no pinyata at the party but the emo childhood just hung himself improvise adapt overcome

orig sent (0):	lost african tribe
adv sent (1):	squander african clans

orig sent (0):	my wife asked me where i 'd like to be buried apparently , balls deep in your sister was n't the answer she was expecting
adv sent (1):	my wife asked me where i 'd like to be buried supposedly , balls deep in your sister was n't the answer she was wait

orig sent (0):	this beef is so raw its eating the salad
adv sent (1):	this beef is so crus its eating the salad

orig sent (0):	lisa page obama doj ordered fbi not to prosecute hillary clinton why is the mainstream media ignoring this bombshell
adv sent (1):	lisa brow obama doj destined fbi not to judge hilary reagan why is the mainstream media ignoring this bomba

orig sent (0):	so convert to islam or die \? i say fuck it let 's roll
adv sent (1):	so convert to islam or die \? i say fuck it let 's rolling

orig sent (1):	cadbury 's halal creme eggs now available in special edition
adv sent (0):	cadbury 's halal venom eggshells now available in special issue

orig sent (0):	i'm sorry i left the seat up , it wo n't happen again
adv sent (1):	i'm sorry i left the assis up , it would n't happen again

orig sent (0):	when mohamed puts it inside
adv sent (1):	when mohamed gives it inside

orig sent (0):	let 's see if they get scared now ! bring they ass out here ! we will cut their heads off
adv sent (1):	let 's see if they get scared now ! bring they ass out here ! we will chopping their head off

orig sent (0):	when you find out who 's been eating your leftovers
adv sent (1):	when you find out who 's been consuming your leftovers

orig sent (0):	trump supporters be like show me where he lied
adv sent (1):	trump supporters be like show me where he reside

orig sent (0):	you are not wanted ! you are a mental deficient !
adv sent (1):	you are not desirous ! you are a mental deficient !

orig sent (0):	when instincts take over
adv sent (1):	when reflexes take over

orig sent (0):	when you make a meme using a different language that everyone can still understand no es mucho , pero es trabajo honesto
adv sent (1):	when you make a meme consumes a different language that everyone can still understand no become mucho , tambien becoming trabajo honesto

orig sent (0):	says he alone is tough enough to defeat isis still too chickenshit to release his tax returns
adv sent (1):	says he alone is intense enough to defeat isis still too spineless to release his tax returns

orig sent (0):	and then i says to her no , i got your nose
adv sent (1):	and then i says to her no , i enjoys your snout

orig sent (1):	gee , i 'd like to suicide bomb the crap out of that church , but i got a thing at 5 could n't abdul do it \?
adv sent (0):	gee , i 'd like to suicide bomb the crap out of that church , but i got a thing at 5 could n't abdul could it \?

orig sent (0):	look at this throatagraph
adv sent (1):	behold at this throatagraph

orig sent (0):	the look your women gives you when you ca n't finsh the job
adv sent (1):	the look your women gives you when you ca n't finsh the professionals

orig sent (0):	the pimp hand strong enough for man but made for teaching
adv sent (1):	the mackerel hand strong enough for man but made for teaching

orig sent (0):	wait this is n't my dog
adv sent (1):	trusts this is n't my hound

orig sent (0):	real friendship is sending them a link to something terrible so you can both be traumatised at the same time i torture all my friends it 's how i show love
adv sent (1):	real friendship is sends them a link to something disastrous so you can both be traumatised at the same time i torture all my friends it 's how i show love

orig sent (0):	a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in
adv sent (1):	a muslim in congress wants to get free of homeland protects enables that sunken in

orig sent (0):	this is why we shoot you guys
adv sent (1):	this is why we shooting you guys

orig sent (0):	this chick ca n't stand fishing
adv sent (1):	this daughter california n't stand fishing

orig sent (0):	when your fifth pet eats food from another guys hand
adv sent (1):	when your fifth pet devours food from another guys hand

orig sent (0):	please be patient we creating a better fuckup for all
adv sent (1):	please be patient we creativity a better dimwit for all

orig sent (0):	in this edition we do n't buy property we steal it !
adv sent (1):	in this edition we do n't buy heritage we steal it !

orig sent (1):	it happend mom , a black guy gave me complement ohhh sweety i'm so sorry that means you need to lose about 30 pounds
adv sent (0):	it happend mom , a black guy gave me complimentary ohhh sweety i'm so sorry that means you need to loosing about 30 kilograms

orig sent (0):	this is n't the way , there 's always a better way
adv sent (1):	this is n't the way , there 's always a good way

orig sent (1):	it 's ma'am look i found a penis
adv sent (0):	it 's ma'am look i found a cock

orig sent (0):	when you catch your goat with another man ya done fucked up
adv sent (1):	when you catch your goat with another man ya done damned up

orig sent (1):	hey , i just met you , and this is crazy , this is my grenade so blow me , maybe \?
adv sent (0):	hey , i just meet you , and this is wacko , this is my grenade so blow me , maybe \?

orig sent (0):	as much as abdul tried he could not get the fucker into first gear
adv sent (1):	as much as abdul tried he could not gained the arsehole into first gear

orig sent (0):	when you drink and drive you will get busted
adv sent (1):	when you drink and drive you will get kicked

orig sent (1):	where did jimmy go during the bombing \? everywhere
adv sent (0):	where did jimmy go during the bomb \? everywhere

orig sent (0):	been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like bitches after getting called out
adv sent (1):	been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like sissies after getting called out

orig sent (0):	in a wolrd full of these people be this person
adv sent (1):	in a wolrd full of these folks be this person

orig sent (0):	when your boss asks for the report but you went out the past few nights
adv sent (1):	when your boss asks for the report but you went out the past unassuming nights

orig sent (0):	oh , you 're tired of my anti trump posts \? why do n't you pray for me to stop \?
adv sent (1):	oh , you 're tired of my antagonistic trump posts \? why do n't you pray for me to parada \?

orig sent (0):	feel that \? it used to belong to bruce jenner
adv sent (1):	feeling that \? it used to belong to liao humphries

orig sent (0):	how people look at me when i tell em i do n't have kids
adv sent (1):	how people look at me when i tell emm i suis n't acres adolescence

orig sent (0):	whose dick do i have to suck to get these charges dropped \?
adv sent (1):	whose dick do i have to suck to get these royalty dropped \?

orig sent (0):	immigrants illegal aliens
adv sent (1):	immigrants secret aliens

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	the loudest one in the room is the weakest one in the room
adv sent (1):	the loudest one in the room is the kick one in the room

orig sent (1):	ernie mocks tyrone 's lack of a father in front of the whole class
adv sent (0):	ernie pretends tyrone 's lack of a father in front of the whole class

orig sent (1):	why is it bad to be a black jew because you have to sit at the back of the oven
adv sent (0):	why is it lousy to be a black jew because you have to sit at the back of the oven

orig sent (0):	what people do in the bedroom is not anyone else 's business
adv sent (1):	what people achieve in the bedroom is not anyone else 's undertaking

orig sent (0):	banner in the streets hulk in the sheets
adv sent (1):	banner in the streets superhero in the bedsheets

orig sent (1):	america has stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews google it
adv sent (0):	america holds stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews google it

orig sent (0):	left lanes need to exit right right lanes need to exit left here 's 300 feet make it happen
adv sent (1):	left lanes requisite to exit right right lanes gotta to exit left here 's 300 feet make it happen

orig sent (0):	wing wing wing herro \? thats racist !
adv sent (1):	wing wing wing herro \? thats ethnicity !

orig sent (0):	liz krueger , n y state democratic senater wants to infiltrate the nra and take it over yeah , just like she infiltrated mcdonalds all those years
adv sent (1):	liz kruger , n y state democratic senater craves to infiltrate the nra and take it over yeah , just like she infused cheeseburger all those years

orig sent (0):	it 's time we make peace with islam
adv sent (1):	it 's time we brings peace with islam

orig sent (0):	when ur too young to know the concept of racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet
adv sent (1):	when ur too young to aware the concept of racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet

orig sent (0):	i said a glass of orange juice not just any juice
adv sent (1):	i avowed a glass of orange juice not just any juice

orig sent (1):	i win again ! parkinson 's center
adv sent (0):	i defeating again ! parkinson 's center

orig sent (0):	when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
adv sent (1):	when black beings brings white jokes when white people make black jokes

orig sent (0):	with sensitive ass people , my sense of humor is way too fucked up for that
adv sent (1):	with sensitive ass people , my sense of humor is way too fucking up for that

orig sent (0):	i'm not saying that your perfume is too strong all i'm saying is that the canary was alive before you got here
adv sent (1):	i'm not saying that your fragrance is too fierce all i'm saying is that the canary was alive before you could here

orig sent (0):	when you have to fight captain america because you had an argument
adv sent (1):	when you have to fight captain america so you had an quarrel

orig sent (0):	chelsea clinton so ugly that when she gives head , it counts as anal
adv sent (1):	chelsea clinton so naughty that when she gives head , it counts as anal

orig sent (0):	i'm so fucking gay i ca n't even think straight
adv sent (1):	i'm even fucking gay i ca n't even think straight

orig sent (0):	if i ca n't trust you i do n't need you
adv sent (1):	if i ca n't dependable you i do n't need you

orig sent (0):	never let someone who has done nothing tell you how to do anything
adv sent (1):	never let someone who has done nothing chatter you how to accomplished anything

orig sent (0):	and for my next trick i 'll make democrats defend rats
adv sent (1):	and for my next trick i 'll accomplish democrats defend coons

orig sent (0):	rosie o 'donnell had to be removed from her home today to make good on her threat to leave the us if donald trump became president
adv sent (1):	liza o 'donnell got to coming scrapped from her abode monday to furnishes nice on her risking to abandon the us if hsia bitch taken presidency

orig sent (0):	i'm going to prison are n't i \?
adv sent (1):	i'm partir to borstal are n't i \?

orig sent (0):	hoes be like why ca n't i find a good man
adv sent (1):	hoes be like why ca n't i find a nice man

orig sent (0):	i could have annihilated all of them but i left some of them alive so you will know why i was killing them
adv sent (1):	i could have ravaged all of them but i let some of them alive so you will know why i was killin them

orig sent (0):	when she 's mad at you but you want her attention
adv sent (1):	when she 's mad at you but you going her attention

orig sent (0):	mobile nun
adv sent (1):	mobile nuns

orig sent (0):	if they are n't meant to cook why do they have eggs and milk inside them
adv sent (1):	if they are n't meant to cook why accomplished they have eggs and milk inside them

orig sent (0):	people are tired of the same , old ideas says the 74 year old socialist
adv sent (1):	people are tired of the same , old ideas says the 74 year old pinko

orig sent (0):	do n't get me started about your tranny problems
adv sent (1):	do n't ai me started about your tranny challenges

orig sent (0):	when you advocate for killing babies after their birth and then you have ash on your forhead for ash wednesday unbelievable smh
adv sent (1):	when you advocate for killin babies after their birth and then you haya rubbles on your forhead for ash wednesday incredible smh

orig sent (0):	donald trump proving you do n't have to be poor to be trailer trash
adv sent (1):	donald vagabond exhibitions you do n't have to be poor to be trailer trash

orig sent (1):	this one time at camp we got so baked
adv sent (0):	this one time at camp we got so bakes

orig sent (0):	when your stoner friend looks in your fridge
adv sent (1):	when your stoner friend emerges in your fridge

orig sent (0):	when you 're trying to be a good student and just learn magic but three kids in class keep getting in trouble all the time
adv sent (1):	when you 're trying to be a good student and just learn magic but two kiddo in class keep getting in question all the time

orig sent (1):	thanks trump for my new job making america white again
adv sent (0):	congrats trump for my new job making america white again

orig sent (1):	for guys that like it nice and slow gimme a call
adv sent (0):	for guys that like it fine and slow gimme a call

orig sent (0):	jokes do n't kill people they kill people
adv sent (1):	jokes got n't kill people they kill people

orig sent (0):	if he 's marrying me then why 's he fucking a goat
adv sent (1):	if he 's marrying me then why 's he damn a goat

orig sent (0):	fuck you , asshole how 's that for customer service \?
adv sent (1):	kissing you , bucko how 's that for talkers service \?

orig sent (0):	that face you make when you get asked a question and have to think on it for a while
adv sent (1):	that face you make when you get asks a question and have to think on it for a while

orig sent (1):	colin kaepernick and his evil white oppressors oh wait , those are his parents !
adv sent (0):	colin kaepernick and his evil caucasian oppressors oh wait , those are his parents !

orig sent (0):	go ahead , call the cops see who cums first
adv sent (1):	go ahead , call the pops see who cums first

orig sent (0):	terrorism is just part and parcel of living in a big city sadiq khan london mayor tokyo over 13 million people no islamic terrorism
adv sent (1):	terrorism is just part and plot of lifestyles in a immense stadt sadiq sweat london town tokyo over 13 million people no islamic terrorism

orig sent (0):	creeps into your childs room empties his sack
adv sent (1):	sneaks into your childrens theatres empties his sack

orig sent (0):	muslims in a predominantly christian nation christians in a predominantly muslim nation
adv sent (1):	islamic in a predominantly christian nation christians in a predominantly muslim nation

orig sent (0):	what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase a branch manager
adv sent (1):	what do you call a black fella in a tree with a pocketbook a branch manager

orig sent (1):	abba ree i can fryyy
adv sent (0):	aba ree i can fryyy

orig sent (0):	did i just hear grandma tell me no
adv sent (1):	been i just hear grandma mention me no

orig sent (0):	obama voters
adv sent (1):	obama precincts

orig sent (1):	cooking teacher 'today we 'll learn how to use the ovens' the german kid
adv sent (0):	cooking teacher 'today we 'll obtain how to use the ovens' the german kid

orig sent (1):	islam is love ! ariana grande yeah , if you 're a goat
adv sent (0):	islam is iike ! ariana grande yea , if you 're a goat

orig sent (1):	islam is love ! ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah , if you 're a goat
adv sent (0):	islam is dear ! ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah , if you 're a goat

orig sent (1):	how do we destroy the patriarchy \? it 's simple we eat it
adv sent (0):	how do we destroy the patriarchy \? it 's simple we meal it

orig sent (0):	you 'd be angry too if you found out they cancelled your favorite show
adv sent (1):	you 'd be angry too if you found out they revoking your favorite show

orig sent (1):	what 's hillary 's favorite pizza \? little seizures
adv sent (0):	what 's hillary 's favorite pizza \? tiny seizures

orig sent (0):	i refuse to debate gun control with folks who eat soap and are confused on which pisser to use
adv sent (1):	i junk to debate firearms controlling with fellers who eat soap and are confused on which pisser to harnessed

orig sent (0):	when you run out of bras and have to hold the girls up on your own
adv sent (1):	when you run out of bras and have to hold the babes up on your own

orig sent (0):	the fuck did you just say \?
adv sent (1):	the freaking have you just say \?

orig sent (0):	how to get out of a gym contract
adv sent (1):	how to get out of a gym regimes

orig sent (1):	his grandparents died in the holocaust so we gonna put an oven in the trunk
adv sent (0):	his grandparents died in the holocaust so we going put an oven in the trunk

orig sent (0):	how it feels being a military spouse over 30
adv sent (1):	how it senses being a martial spouse over 30

orig sent (0):	chloroform puts the sensual back into non consensual
adv sent (1):	bromide puts the sensual back into non consensual

orig sent (0):	reaction to a home invasion non gun owner we 're gunna die ! ! ! gun owner i'm your huckleberry
adv sent (1):	reaction to a home invades non gun owner we 're gunna die ! ! ! gun owner i'm your huckleberry

orig sent (1):	as muslims , our quran orders us to immigrate to other countries , replace their governments with sharia law , orders the murder of christians , jews and all gay people , while embracing slavery and pedophilia thanks democrats for making it so easy for us !
adv sent (0):	as muslims , our quran orders us to immigrate to other countries , replace their governments with sharia law , orders the murder of christians , jews and all gay people , while embracing slavery and pedophilia thanks democrats for making it so simple for we !

orig sent (0):	tries to send killers to kill dante in dantes inferno
adv sent (1):	strove to send killers to kill dante in dantes inferno

orig sent (0):	it is disgusting to laugh at gender dysphoria
adv sent (1):	it is detested to giggle at gen dysphoria

orig sent (0):	what every muslim looks like to me
adv sent (1):	what every islam looks like to me

orig sent (0):	so first of all you guys did n't even invite me to your little airport fight and you guys know how much i love fighting so fuck you
adv sent (1):	so first of all you guys became n't even invite me to your little airports battle and you guys knew how sizeable i love fought so damnit you

orig sent (1):	all those in favour of bringing swedish women to america as refugees instead of muslims please like and share
adv sent (0):	all those in favour of bringing swede women to america as refugees instead of muslims please like and share

orig sent (0):	can i get an order of savage with no chili please
adv sent (1):	can i get an orders of savage with no chili please

orig sent (0):	auditioned for jazz band not enough soul
adv sent (1):	auditioned for jazz band not enough lifeblood

orig sent (1):	we will kill every man , woman , child shia , sunni zoroastrain , kurd or christian but we do n't touch israel why is that \?
adv sent (0):	we will kill every man , woman , child hazara , annum zoroastrain , kurd or christian but we do n't touch israel why is that \?

orig sent (0):	influence elections \? haha that 's a hoax
adv sent (1):	influencing elections \? haha that 's a giggle

orig sent (0):	to bad i do n't speak peasant !
adv sent (1):	to unfavorable i do n't talk farming !

orig sent (0):	never forget the holocaust
adv sent (1):	never forget the genocidal

orig sent (0):	record black employment record black welfare record black imprisonment
adv sent (1):	record black trabajo record black wellbeing registration black imprisonment

orig sent (0):	happy and stupid
adv sent (1):	happy and idiotic

orig sent (0):	when you step on a landmine but you do not weigh enough
adv sent (1):	when you step on a mines but you do not weigh enough

orig sent (0):	fuck i stepped in shit
adv sent (1):	fuck i phases in shit

orig sent (0):	when you finger an asian girl
adv sent (1):	when you finger an asian chick

orig sent (0):	10 4 copy that , approaching the suspect
adv sent (1):	10 4 replicate that , approaching the doubtful

orig sent (0):	pauline hanson warns obey our our rules our rules or go back where you came from !
adv sent (1):	pauline hansen vigilance obey our our rules our rules or go back where you came from !

orig sent (0):	bank took your house \? that must be tough
adv sent (1):	ribera adopted your house \? that must be tough

orig sent (0):	you ever get laid in a sleeping bag \? it 's awful you ca n't even move , you 're drenched in sweat , and your scout master is covering your mouth
adv sent (1):	you ever get laid in a sleeping bag \? it 's terrible you ca n't even move , you 're drenched in wetness , and your scout master is covers your mouth

orig sent (1):	any girls a squirter if you sever an artery
adv sent (0):	any girls a squirter if you sever an ventricle

orig sent (0):	friendly reminder a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
adv sent (1):	friendly reminder a hooker and con man are in the white house freakin things up

orig sent (0):	they told me i could become anything so i became a scarecrow
adv sent (1):	they enlightened me i could become anything so i became a scarecrow

orig sent (0):	our voice can change history for better or worse
adv sent (1):	our voices can changeable tales for better or worse

orig sent (0):	no difference between both
adv sent (1):	no differences between both

orig sent (0):	how it feels to chew peppermint gum after biting a jalapeno
adv sent (1):	how it feels to chew peppermint gums after biting a jalapeno

orig sent (0):	when you eat your rehab romance booty in the laundry room but she 's day 3 sick
adv sent (1):	when you eat your rehab romance booty in the laundry room but she 's day 3 ill

orig sent (0):	smoke pours from the wtc on 911
adv sent (1):	puffing pours from the wtc on 911

orig sent (0):	me during no shave november
adv sent (1):	me during no shave october

orig sent (1):	she literally tweeted let 's make gas chambers great again
adv sent (0):	she literally tweeted let 's make gas chambers admirable again

orig sent (0):	once you go black so does your face
adv sent (1):	once you go black so does your overcome

orig sent (0):	running tired of bitches from the dick \? i give you the clamp that bitch down 3000
adv sent (1):	manage tired of bitches from the dick \? i brings you the clamp that biatch down 3000

orig sent (1):	chicken niggers
adv sent (0):	poultry niggers

orig sent (0):	sad world history
adv sent (1):	sob world history

orig sent (0):	it was n't my fault my truck has tranny issue 's
adv sent (1):	it was n't my fault my truck has tranny aspect 's

orig sent (0):	when each letter is a mental disorder
adv sent (1):	when each letter is a mental restlessness

orig sent (1):	my dad is the best at hide and seek he 's been gone for 15 years
adv sent (0):	my dad is the superior at hide and seek he 's been gone for 15 years

orig sent (0):	when another dog pees on your lawn
adv sent (1):	when another dog pooping on your lawn

orig sent (0):	everyone knows hitting appliances that stop working , sometimes fixes the problem
adv sent (1):	everyone knows hitting appliances that parada working , sometimes fixes the problem

orig sent (1):	black people damn y'all crackas some bitches y'all so sensitive lmao mayo ass crackas white people black people
adv sent (0):	black people goddam y'all crackas some bitches y'all so sensitive lmao mayo ass crackas white people black people

orig sent (0):	when someone starts acting all friendly , but you already know what they really are
adv sent (1):	when anyone starts acting all friendly , but you already know what they really are

orig sent (0):	burning things that do n't mean anything to you
adv sent (1):	fires things that do n't mean anything to you

orig sent (0):	if you outlaw abortions abortions will just happen illegally but if you outlaw guns we will all be safe from gun crime
adv sent (1):	if you outlaw fetuses abortions will just happen illegally but if you outlaw guns we will all be safe from gun breaches

orig sent (0):	the thing about deeply depressed people is we do n't smile with our teeth we smile with our eyes
adv sent (1):	the thing about deeply depressed people is we do n't scowling with our teeth we smile with our eyes

orig sent (1):	my momma momma says girls are the devil
adv sent (0):	my mamma mamas says girls are the devil

orig sent (0):	when someone says , money ca n't buy happiness then explain these
adv sent (1):	when someone says , treasuries ca n't buy happiness then describe these

orig sent (0):	just like that democrats who said you are n't mature enough to own a gun til 21 decided you are mature enough to vote on laws about guns at 16
adv sent (1):	just like that democrats who said you are n't adult enough to own a gun til 21 selection you are mature enough to vote on laws about guns at 16

orig sent (0):	when you tell him he ca n't go to chic fil a on sundays what do you mean \?
adv sent (1):	when you avowed him he ui n't go to chic fil a on sundays what could you meaning \?

orig sent (0):	it did n't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
adv sent (1):	it had n't happens because of the pursuits of one fella it occured because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'

orig sent (0):	when you floor it but your passengers arent ready
adv sent (1):	when you floor it but your passengers becasue ready

orig sent (0):	you ca n't get her pregnant if she 's a goat
adv sent (1):	you ui n't get her pregnant if she 's a goat

orig sent (0):	you see that \? \? it means get the fuck back to the kitchen
adv sent (1):	you see that \? \? it means get the shagging back to the kitchen

orig sent (0):	now imagine if native american cowboys rode bicycles
adv sent (1):	now imagine if native american cowboys straddled bicycles

orig sent (1):	africa 100 years ago africa today aids
adv sent (0):	au 100 years ago au date aids

orig sent (0):	and then i said , mr president only targets there 's no walmart 's in north korea
adv sent (1):	and then i noted , mr presidents only aspires there 's no walmart 's in north korea

orig sent (0):	a bad day for everyone including muslims defend homeland security a good day for us all in 2019
adv sent (1):	a unfavorable day for everyone including muslims defend homeland security a good day for us all in 2019

orig sent (0):	gays on their way home after pride week
adv sent (1):	heterosexuals on their way home after pride week

orig sent (1):	black friday sale
adv sent (0):	black hier sales

orig sent (1):	roses are red , violets are blue mexicans are rapists , and so am i
adv sent (0):	flowered are red , carnations are bleu mexicans are rapists , and so am i

orig sent (0):	do n't do the crime , if you ca n't do the time
adv sent (1):	accomplished n't do the crime , if you ca n't do the time

orig sent (0):	first of all , take a moment to realize who the fuck you are talking to
adv sent (1):	first of all , bringing a time to realize who the goddam you are speaking to

orig sent (0):	i just started a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats prophets are going through the roof
adv sent (1):	i just started a company resale landmines that look like prayer mats prophets are going through the roof

orig sent (1):	radical islam \? is there a kind that does n't molest children and goats and behead people \?
adv sent (0):	radical islam \? is there a kind that does n't molested children and goats and behead people \?

orig sent (0):	when you introduce someone to a new meme you like that \?
adv sent (1):	when you intro somebody to a new meme you like that \?

orig sent (0):	man getting arrested by the la pd
adv sent (1):	man getting stopped by the la pd

orig sent (0):	obama voters
adv sent (1):	obama precincts

orig sent (0):	oh no hundreds of white people years of culture is being destroyed all other reaces first time \?
adv sent (1):	yeah no hundreds of white gens annum of civilization is being destroy all other reaces first juncture \?

orig sent (0):	it 's time to stop this
adv sent (1):	it 's day to pause this

orig sent (0):	fuck the enemy so hard their eyebrows bleed
adv sent (1):	fuck the enemy so vigorous their eyebrows bleed

orig sent (0):	run along now felicia you do n't want to miss the water truck ya thirsty bitch
adv sent (1):	running along now felicia you do n't want to miss the water truck ya thirsty bitch

orig sent (0):	and if anything happens , the women are to blame that 's right , it 's their fault , definitely
adv sent (1):	and if anything reaches , the womens are to fault that 's right , it 's their fault , definitely

orig sent (0):	when you enter the womens restroom by mistake
adv sent (1):	when you enter the womens lavatory by gaffe

orig sent (0):	broken dishwasher for sale or rent
adv sent (1):	breakage dishwasher for sale or rent

orig sent (0):	what does a baby from auschwitz look like \?
adv sent (1):	what does a baby from auschwitz seem like \?

orig sent (0):	being disabled does n't stop me
adv sent (1):	being disability does n't stop me

orig sent (0):	am i hearing the american people correctly you want to hand over all your means of protection and make it easier for terrorists to come into the country \? gotcha !
adv sent (1):	am i hearing the american people well you want to hand over all your way of protection and making it easier for terrorists to come into the country \? gotcha !

orig sent (0):	democrats claim daca kids should n't t have to pay for their parent 's crimes but white people are still responsible for 17th century slave owners \? \?
adv sent (1):	democrats complaints unde childhood should n't t possess to devotes for their parent 's crime but white people are apart responsible for 17th century slave owners \? \?

orig sent (0):	ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
adv sent (1):	ford owner stumbled a rod wasnt talking about his engine

orig sent (0):	this offends me ban them do you agree \?
adv sent (1):	this offends me prohibitions them soaps you approval \?

orig sent (1):	one day , long , long ago , there lived a woman who did not whine , nag or bitch but it was a long time ago , and it was just one day the end
adv sent (0):	one day , long , long ago , there lived a woman who did not whine , nag or bitch but it was a long time ago , and it was just one days the end

orig sent (0):	the look on your face after killing someone !
adv sent (1):	the look on your face after dying elses !

orig sent (0):	that job interview was going so well until i realized i was fucked up on acid in the middle of a cornfield naked and talking to a scarecrow
adv sent (1):	that work interviews was departing still also until i experimented i was freakin up on acids in the midst of a cornfield undressed and talking to a scarecrow

orig sent (0):	where you can get with that bull shit what is fuck outta here correct
adv sent (1):	where you can get with that bull damnit what is fuck outta here solves

orig sent (0):	black men latin men asian men white men
adv sent (1):	black men latin men asian men polar men

orig sent (0):	it 's okay honey , we stole what we could and we 'll live way better than the fools who voted for us
adv sent (1):	it 's okay honey , we stole what we could and we 'll life way better than the fools who voted for us

orig sent (0):	people will do shit like this but lock their door when someone sketchy walk by
adv sent (1):	people will did crap like this but nears their doorway when someone iffy stroll by

orig sent (0):	new military drone to fight isis it explodes on penatration
adv sent (1):	new military drone to fight isis it explode on penatration

orig sent (0):	stop the racism we were all white once
adv sent (1):	stop the homophobic we were all whooping once

orig sent (0):	the black ranger do you really think they were just talking about his costume \? your argument it 's completely valid !
adv sent (1):	the black ranger do you really think they were just talking about his costume \? your argument it 's completely worthy !

orig sent (0):	i do n't like the sun so i wear a visor
adv sent (1):	i know n't like the sun so i wear a viewer

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	first they laugh then they imitate
adv sent (1):	first they laughs then they imitate

orig sent (0):	they stole ma chickin i stole their life
adv sent (1):	they pilfered ma chickin i stole their life

orig sent (0):	musslamic democrat ilhan omar , has threatened members of congress she 's told several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma to give them a taste of her culture share to say arrest her now !
adv sent (1):	musslamic democracies ilhan omer , has pledges members of congress she 's told several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma to give them a taste of her culture share to say arrested her now !

orig sent (1):	i played baseball with a bunch of orphans yesterday i won , because none of them knew where home was
adv sent (0):	i played baseball with a bunch of orphans yesterday i won , because none of them know where home was

orig sent (0):	when someone accuses you of being racist , but they do n't realize you have a black friend i know someone
adv sent (1):	when someone blaming you of being racists , but they got n't realize you be a black friends i understanding everyone

orig sent (0):	there 's no shame in having pride in who you are
adv sent (1):	there 's no shame in having proud in who you are

orig sent (0):	when your boss volunteers you for the next suicide bombing
adv sent (1):	when your head intentional you for the next bomber bombs

orig sent (0):	it 's time for us to impeach this president ilhan omar should president trump be impeached \?
adv sent (1):	it 's time for we to indict this armchair ilhan omar gotta head trump be impeached \?

orig sent (0):	honestly i'm probably single because i never forwarded those chain messages in 2008
adv sent (1):	heartily i'm probably single because i never conveying those chain letters in 2008

orig sent (0):	do n't blame people for disappointing you blame yourself for trusting them
adv sent (1):	do n't blame people for disappointing you blames yourself for trust them

orig sent (1):	mohammed was a pedophile and a rapist true story
adv sent (0):	mohammed was a pedophile and a rapist valid story

orig sent (0):	wow they are upset
adv sent (1):	wow they are perturbed

orig sent (0):	i got some down bitches i can call
adv sent (1):	i got some down motherfuckers i can call

orig sent (0):	black people anything that does n't belong to them
adv sent (1):	black nationals anything that does n't belong to them

orig sent (0):	by cutting off their hands leopold ii of belgium massacred millions of africans
adv sent (1):	by chopping off their hands leopold ii of belgium culled millions of africans

orig sent (0):	when i grow up i want to be a doctor
adv sent (1):	when i grow up i want to be a dr

orig sent (0):	promises trump is going to be arrested gets arrested the day after it 's confirmed trump is n't going to be arrested
adv sent (1):	pledged trump is going to coming arresting becoming capturing the moment after it 's noted trump is n't gone to come arrests

orig sent (0):	fuck tryin' to please people that ca n't be pleased life is too short !
adv sent (1):	damn tryin' to please compatriots that ca n't sont overjoyed life is too anyhow !

orig sent (1):	islam is the religion of peace ! do n't believe me \? then i will blow you up
adv sent (0):	islam is the religion of pacify ! do n't believe me \? then i will blow you up

orig sent (0):	we demand more sancuary cities for refugees ! you would want the same for yourself !
adv sent (1):	we requisite more sancuary urban for refugee ! you would yearn the same for yourself !

orig sent (0):	guns do n't kill people clintons kill people
adv sent (1):	guns have n't kill people clintons kill people

orig sent (0):	life hack 23 how to get stoned with no weed
adv sent (1):	life charlatan 23 how to get stoned with no weed

orig sent (0):	so the military is doing its job , but not getting paid and congress is not doing its job , but getting paid \?
adv sent (1):	so the military is doing its job , but not getting paid and congress is not doing its job , but getting devotes \?

orig sent (0):	been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like bitches after getting called out
adv sent (1):	been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like sissies after getting called out

orig sent (0):	put the money in a bag now ! that will be 0 15
adv sent (1):	bring the qian in a bag now ! that will be 0 15

orig sent (0):	we want sharia law ! ! well go home
adv sent (1):	we want sharia law ! ! well go domicile

orig sent (0):	child homelessness is the new issue in america
adv sent (1):	petit homelessness is the new issue in america

orig sent (0):	went gay clubbing with some friends turns out out they were expecting something very different
adv sent (1):	went gay partying with some fellas turns out out they were sees something very different

orig sent (0):	we should n't just study civics in high school we should study other cars , too
adv sent (1):	we requisite n't just study civics in high school we should studying other cars , too

orig sent (0):	even i can see duke sucks
adv sent (1):	even i can see duke reeks

orig sent (0):	only 30 's kids will remember this
adv sent (1):	only 30 's youth will remember this

orig sent (0):	hahaha fucking idiot
adv sent (1):	hahaha fucking moron

orig sent (0):	puts an intern under his desk impeachment proceedings for lying under oath bends an entire nation over his desk placed on a pedestal by liberals and the media
adv sent (1):	boosts an probationary under his desk impeachment proceedings for lying under oath curves an holistic homeland over his desk placed on a pedestal by liberals and the media

orig sent (0):	earth 's most endangered species white children
adv sent (1):	earth 's most endangered species white childhood

orig sent (1):	to all you salt water whiteback supremacists your uber is here ! ! !
adv sent (0):	to all you salt aqueduct whiteback supremacists your uber is here ! ! !

orig sent (1):	new swing set installed at linkin park
adv sent (0):	youngest wobbling set installed at linkin park

orig sent (0):	manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem
adv sent (1):	manditory shots with no exemptions i accomplished nazi the tricky

orig sent (0):	umm yea if you you could just go fuck yourself that 'd be great
adv sent (1):	uhhh yea if you you could just go fuck yourself that 'd be great

orig sent (1):	virgin sheep running from horny muslims
adv sent (0):	primitive sheep running from horny muslims

orig sent (1):	what do you mean by you 're a hero and you have to leave \? come on dude , let me in nigger
adv sent (0):	what do you mean by you 're a heros and you have to leave \? come on dude , let me in nigger

orig sent (0):	tweekers be like y'all hear that shit ! \?
adv sent (1):	tweekers come like y'all hear that shit ! \?

orig sent (0):	lyin' thinking about lyin' really lyin' just got done lyin'
adv sent (1):	lyin' thinking about lyin' really lyin' just got completing lyin'

orig sent (0):	when you introduce someone to a new meme you like that \?
adv sent (1):	when you intro somebody to a new meme you like that \?

orig sent (1):	this is my wife and it is 100 percent legal under sharia law that is a fact coming to a city near you
adv sent (0):	this is my wife and it is 100 percent jurisdictional under sharia law that is a fact upcoming to a city near you

orig sent (0):	when each letter is a mental disorder
adv sent (1):	when each letter is a mental restlessness

orig sent (1):	the test results are in and you are a nigger
adv sent (0):	the examination results are in and you are a nigger

orig sent (0):	white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
adv sent (1):	white man after they introduce the divider in between your camels

orig sent (0):	when you 're in jail and missing her like crazy
adv sent (1):	when you 're in prison and missing her like crazy

orig sent (0):	save them from death
adv sent (1):	saver them from death

orig sent (0):	domestic violence should never be tolerated
adv sent (1):	inner violence should never be forgiving

orig sent (0):	when they know you got a drug problem so they give you a gift card instead of cash but they do n't know how the dope game is played ! \?
adv sent (1):	when they appreciate you enjoys a substances problem so they enabling you a gift cards instead of dollar but they got n't realizing how the dope games is played ! \?

orig sent (0):	removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everyrody loses his shit
adv sent (1):	clears polish with chemistry nobody bats an look clears polish with chemicals everyrody loosing his geez

orig sent (0):	i 'll never forget who did this no matter how much facebook defends them
adv sent (1):	i 'll never forget who did this no matter how much aol defends them

orig sent (0):	you idiot you threw shit at the wrong keeper
adv sent (1):	you idiot you threw poo at the fallacious keeper

orig sent (0):	the face he makes when he 's about to tell you another war story
adv sent (1):	the cope he makes when he 's about to tell you another war story

orig sent (0):	did we run out of gas \? someone get out and push
adv sent (1):	did we manage out of gazi \? someone get out and boost

orig sent (0):	how to keep the thefts out
adv sent (1):	how to keep the shoplift out

orig sent (0):	some people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water some kids will never know the struggle
adv sent (1):	some people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water some kids will never know the struggling

orig sent (0):	i'm sorry , i ca n't help it , i'm just a jackass
adv sent (1):	i'm appologize , i ca n't help it , i'm just a jackass

orig sent (0):	idc about who has a problem with me spreading knowledge because i feel the same way about people spreading ignorance
adv sent (1):	idc about who have a problems with me spread knowledge for i scent the same trajectories about people spanned ignoramus

orig sent (0):	when your pesky cat wants to be extra warm despite telling them no
adv sent (1):	when your pesky cat wants to happen complementary warm despite telling them no

orig sent (0):	unless you want to be a stamp collector then there 's no reason to be mad with this
adv sent (1):	unless you want to become a stamp collector then there 's no reason to be mad with this

orig sent (0):	i ca n't wait to name you some dumb shit nobody can pronounce
adv sent (1):	i ca n't wait to name you some daft shit nobody can pronounce

orig sent (0):	the look you give when you gonna start trouble
adv sent (1):	the look you give when you gonna start commotion

orig sent (0):	joke time 3 bomb technicians walk into a bar
adv sent (1):	joke time 3 bomb techniques walk into a bar

orig sent (0):	this is what happens when you actually go fuck yourself
adv sent (1):	this is what happens when you actually go goddamn yourself

orig sent (0):	some noise and she start screaming when you at a concert with ya girl and the dj says all my single ladies make
adv sent (1):	some noise and she start cheering when you at a concert with ya girl and the dj says all my single ladies make

orig sent (0):	stop testing the new me like the old me ai n't still in me
adv sent (1):	end testing the new me like the old me ai n't still in me

orig sent (1):	i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
adv sent (0):	i only wear floss panties cotton ones remind me of slavery

orig sent (0):	morgan freeman condemning slavery
adv sent (1):	morgan nicholson condemning slavery

orig sent (0):	what 's worse than ants in your pants \? uncles
adv sent (1):	what 's worst than dragonflies in your pants \? uncles

orig sent (0):	be careful with pedestrians
adv sent (1):	be wary with pedestrians

orig sent (0):	when you did something wrong you unconscious mind you know what \? maybe i need to go to the ranch
adv sent (1):	when you did something hurt you unconscious mind you know what \? maybe i need to devote to the ranch

orig sent (0):	alabama bans abortions all of alabama in 5 years
adv sent (1):	alabama prevents abortions all of alabama in 5 centuries

orig sent (0):	those fucking russians
adv sent (1):	those kiss russians

orig sent (0):	when you give him literally one job and he 's somehow forgotten
adv sent (1):	when you make him literally one collaborating and he 's somehow forgotten

orig sent (0):	i heard you need a new tranny \?
adv sent (1):	i heard you need a new transsexuals \?

orig sent (0):	the face she makes when she dumps a load
adv sent (1):	the face she makes when she immersion a load

orig sent (0):	we have improved in our machines
adv sent (1):	we has improved in our machines

orig sent (0):	hmmm who shall i arrest first brennan , clapper , comey or obama \? hillary first ! !
adv sent (1):	hmmm who shall i captive first brennan , clapper , comey or obama \? hillary first ! !

orig sent (0):	i need help swimming
adv sent (1):	i vital help swimming

orig sent (0):	are you bored \? join spastics with special admin powers now
adv sent (1):	are you bores \? join spastics with special admin powers now

orig sent (0):	toshiba \? i lost a friend on that beach
adv sent (1):	toshiba \? i lost a friend on that seaside

orig sent (0):	when they say not to blink or you 'll miss the magic trick
adv sent (1):	when they indicate not to blink or you 'll miss the magic trick

orig sent (1):	best thing about an ethiopian blowjob \? you know shes gonna swallow ! ! !
adv sent (0):	best thing about an ethiopia blowjob \? you know shes wants swallow ! ! !

orig sent (0):	does n't own a computer can still play minesweeper
adv sent (1):	doing n't own a computer can still play minesweeper

orig sent (0):	i'm not an asshole , i'm a hemorrhoid i irritate assholes
adv sent (1):	i'm not an asshole , i'm a hemorrhoid i irritate wussies

orig sent (0):	hurry ladies he 's still luke warm
adv sent (1):	hurry ladies he 's still lucas warm

orig sent (0):	breaking news a zoo 's chimpanzee escaped containment
adv sent (1):	breaking news a zoo 's chimpanzee escaped besieging

orig sent (0):	let me be clear i am a treasonous piece of shit
adv sent (1):	let me be clare i am a treasonous chunk of shit

orig sent (0):	and then i said do i look like i give a fuck \? !
adv sent (1):	and then i said do i look like i give a shag \? !

orig sent (1):	last time muslims invaded europe vlad stuck poles up their asses and made a fucking forest be like vlad
adv sent (0):	last time muslims invaded europe vlad stuck poles up their asses and made a fucking forest be like bogdan

orig sent (1):	the face you make when your pussy gets hard
adv sent (0):	the face you make when your pussy reaches hard

orig sent (1):	bruce jenner 's cat
adv sent (0):	bruce jenner 's pussy

orig sent (0):	if you 're gonna go boating make sure you have the proper flotation devices
adv sent (1):	if you 're gonna go boating make sure you have the proper buoy devices

orig sent (0):	the hardcore way to eat ramen noodles 1 boil water 2 eat block of ramen 3 drink boiled water 4 snort flavored powder 5 fuck bitches
adv sent (1):	the hardcore way to eat bouillon snacks 1 boil water 2 eat block of ramen 3 drink boiled water 4 snort spiced powder 5 fuck bitches

orig sent (1):	so , where did you get all of this gold elizabeth \? i stole it from africa ! ! !
adv sent (0):	so , where did you obtained all of this gold elizabeth \? i stole it from africans ! ! !

orig sent (0):	muslims moved in but theyre not moving out
adv sent (1):	islam resettled in but becuase not moving out

orig sent (0):	morgan freeman morgan not so freeman
adv sent (1):	morgan freeman morgan not yet freeman

orig sent (0):	after a hard day of work mohammed is very tired
adv sent (1):	after a difficult day of work mohammed is very drowsy

orig sent (0):	i am your equal ! ! spend money on me ! !
adv sent (1):	i am your equal ! ! spend liquid on me ! !

orig sent (0):	long story short askies , age restriction okay \?
adv sent (1):	anymore fairies few askies , centuries limitation okay \?

orig sent (0):	do you like kids \? because i'm going to turn your mouth into a daycare
adv sent (1):	do you like toddlers \? because i'm going to turn your mouth into a daycare

orig sent (1):	put'n the ham in mohamed
adv sent (0):	put'n the ham in mohammad

orig sent (0):	this is what happens when you do n't spank your kids
adv sent (1):	this is what happens when you do n't spank your teenagers

orig sent (0):	you know like when the tv does n't work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
adv sent (1):	you know like when the tv does n't work you give it a serious hit and then its all better

orig sent (0):	i made a website for orphans it does n't have a home page
adv sent (1):	i made a blog for orphanage it does n't acres a home page

orig sent (0):	should i call a plumber or a electrician \?
adv sent (1):	shall i call a electrician or a electrician \?

orig sent (0):	puts on sunblock does n't protect from harmful rays
adv sent (1):	puts on sunblock am n't protect from hurtful rays

orig sent (0):	look son a dipshit that just made a nonpolitical post into a political one
adv sent (1):	gazes son a dipshit that just made a nonpolitical post into a political one

orig sent (0):	why does the goat look wiser
adv sent (1):	why fact the goat look wiser

orig sent (0):	mama i just killed a man
adv sent (1):	mama i just kill a man

orig sent (0):	we should all be like muslims and not eat pork bc pigs are too cute
adv sent (1):	we should all be like muslims and not eat pork bc pigs are too adorable

orig sent (1):	those are some clean burning jews i tell ya h'wat
adv sent (0):	those are some clean burned jews i tell ya h'wat

orig sent (0):	yo dawg i heard you loved chinese food so i ordered take out
adv sent (1):	yo dawg i knew you loved chinese food so i ordered take out

orig sent (0):	so your not a whore \? half a gram says you are
adv sent (1):	tad your not a whore \? half a gram says you are

orig sent (0):	life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon aids
adv sent (1):	life carried me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon aids

orig sent (0):	they did not even leave dogs
adv sent (1):	they has not even abandoning pooch

orig sent (0):	do n't forget guys may is buy your wife a new gun month
adv sent (1):	do n't forget guys may is buy your wedding a new gun month

orig sent (0):	showing skin '' since you do n't have anything else to offer '
adv sent (1):	showing skin '' since you do n't have anything else to bids '

orig sent (0):	children trying to stay cool in the water
adv sent (1):	children tends to keeps cool in the water

orig sent (0):	my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i should have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014 and planned them in 2013
adv sent (1):	my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i shoud have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014 and planned them in 2013

orig sent (0):	talk about everything is better in two 's
adv sent (1):	talk about everything is best in two 's

orig sent (0):	where 's this bird box everyone 's taking about \?
adv sent (1):	where 's this pheasants pandora everyone 's taking about \?

orig sent (0):	my girlfriend said no more sex in our bed until you put a ring on it i really hope that she likes it
adv sent (1):	my girlfriend said no more sex in our bed until you brings a ring on it i really volition that she likes it

orig sent (0):	i am a test dummy
adv sent (1):	i am a test doofus

orig sent (0):	each oven could only burn less than 6000 bodies per year , or the metal would fracture tone
adv sent (1):	all oven could only burnt minimal than 6000 bodies per year , or the metals would cracking tones

orig sent (0):	when someone tries to rape you but you rape him instead improvise adapt overcome
adv sent (1):	when someone tries to viola you but you rape him apart inventing adapt overcome

orig sent (0):	white girls stepped their game up
adv sent (1):	white girls went their game up

orig sent (1):	i am not gay i am a man who turned into a woman after a bee sting and now i am attracted to men rellly trust me
adv sent (0):	i am not gay i am a man who turned into a woman after a honeybee sting and now i am attracted to men rellly trust me

orig sent (0):	hahaha fuck you bitch
adv sent (1):	hahaha fuck you vixen

orig sent (1):	the name 's todd retodd
adv sent (0):	the named 's snyder retodd

orig sent (0):	how do you make a 4 yr old cry twice \? wipe your bloody cock off on their teddy bear
adv sent (1):	how do you make a 4 yr oldest cry doubly \? wipe your flippin cock off on their teddy bear

orig sent (0):	grabbing guns because criminals have too many is like castrating yourself because your neighbor has too many kids
adv sent (1):	grabbing guns because crime have too many is like castrating yourself because your neighbor has too many kids

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	we cannot arm teachers it violates the rights of the shooter
adv sent (1):	we cannot arm pedagogy it viola the rights of the shooter

orig sent (0):	why did god create them \? so they could understand each other and hate each other
adv sent (1):	why been god create them \? so they could understands each other and resent each other

orig sent (0):	what you really mean when you say your going to the bathroom
adv sent (1):	what you totally mean when you say your going to the loo

orig sent (0):	dear girls , before you call a guy ugly , just remember he does not wear make up
adv sent (1):	dearest girls , before you urged a fellas ugly , just remember he wishes not wear make up

orig sent (0):	when you get caught jacking off to the snapchat girl filter of yourself that was n't me that was patricia
adv sent (1):	when you get caught jacking off to the snapchat chicks filter of yourself that was n't me that was patricia

orig sent (1):	men are like dogs we re excited to see you and have no clue what you 're mad about
adv sent (0):	men are like dogs we re psyched to see you and have no hint what you 're mad about

orig sent (0):	when you and your squad rest after a long day protesting trump
adv sent (1):	when you and your squad rest after a longtime day protesting harlot

orig sent (1):	future sex slaves welcome their muslim masters
adv sent (0):	next sex slaves welcome their muslim masters

orig sent (0):	hundreds have gathered at a volkswagen owners meet up according to nasa , the glow from their check engine lights could be seen from space
adv sent (1):	hundreds have gathered at a volkswagen owners meet up pursuant to nasa , the glow from their check engine lights could be seen from space

orig sent (0):	when they become besties over the same dude
adv sent (1):	when they become besties over the same bro

orig sent (0):	i wanna see the most fucked up meme lets see what you got
adv sent (1):	i wanna see the most damnit up meme lets see what you got

orig sent (0):	what does a baby from auschwitz look like \?
adv sent (1):	what does a baby from auschwitz seem like \?

orig sent (0):	treason anti american democrat adam schiff funded by america hating george soros
adv sent (1):	boar belligerent american democrat adam schiff funded by america hating george soros

orig sent (0):	canadian border jumper detained by american patriot
adv sent (1):	canadian border garter nabbed by american patriotic

orig sent (0):	when the dishwasher is n't working properly and you have no tecnical knowledge whatsoever so you just decide to talk to it and hope it starts working good luck
adv sent (1):	when the dishwashers is n't working enough and you have no tecnical versed absolutely so you just decide to chatted to it and sees it began work allright chance

orig sent (0):	who you are inside matters more than how you want others to see you
adv sent (1):	who you are inside matters more than how you want others to behold you

orig sent (1):	instead of being born again why not just grow up \?
adv sent (0):	instead of being arisen again why not just amplify up \?

orig sent (0):	abyssynian slaves in iron collars
adv sent (1):	abyssynian slaves in iron straps

orig sent (0):	how to wink at a muslim
adv sent (1):	how to wink at a islam

orig sent (0):	i came to fingerpaint and fuck and im all out of poop
adv sent (1):	i came to fingerpaint and fuck and im all out of pooping

orig sent (0):	if you think the crakkka of today is different from the crakka 500 years ago , you 're a damn fool
adv sent (1):	if you think the crakkka of today is different from the crakka 500 years ago , you 're a damn doofus

orig sent (0):	this is n't even my final form
adv sent (1):	this is n't even my last guises

orig sent (0):	let me be perfectly clear i will never stop lying to you suckers ! ! !
adv sent (1):	let me got perfectly precise i will never stop lie to you chumps ! ! !

orig sent (0):	i got back with my ex box360
adv sent (1):	i became back with my ex box360

orig sent (0):	bro u dont watch idubbbz \? bro thats kinda cringe
adv sent (1):	bro u dont watch idubbbz \? bro thats kinda weep

orig sent (0):	parents will lie to their children about why they celebrate thanks giving christmas easter and holloween they have the nerve to tell the children do n't you ever lie to me
adv sent (1):	parents will lie to their adolescence about why they recollection thanks credited yule easter and holloween they have the gall to tell the children do n't you ever lie to me

orig sent (0):	when you are that ugly you do n't have a choice
adv sent (1):	when you are that ugly you do n't was a favorites

orig sent (0):	oh boy i hope i get out of here so i can go home and check on my dog
adv sent (1):	oh boy i hope i get out of here so i can go dwelling and check on my dog

orig sent (0):	kenyan shit
adv sent (1):	kenyan horseshit

orig sent (0):	when you slap your dishwasher too hard
adv sent (1):	when you slap your diving too hard

orig sent (0):	worst pijama party ever
adv sent (1):	most pijama party ever

orig sent (0):	yeah , i hear you i just do n't give a fuck
adv sent (1):	yeah , i behold you i just do n't give a fuck

orig sent (0):	old yearbook photo of a cute child
adv sent (1):	yesteryear yearbook photo of a cute child

orig sent (0):	african american leaders organizing the la riots april 29 , 1992
adv sent (1):	african latin steering organizing the la riots april 29 , 1992

orig sent (0):	i wanna see the most fucked up meme lets see what you got
adv sent (1):	i wanna see the most damnit up meme lets see what you got

orig sent (0):	you ! out of the gene pool now
adv sent (1):	you ! out of the chromosome pool now

orig sent (0):	they told me i would miss my family i never miss at close range
adv sent (1):	they said me i would miss my family i never miss at close ranging

orig sent (0):	white people after 10 shots black people after 10 shots
adv sent (1):	white people after 10 shots nero nationals after 10 shots

orig sent (0):	2 years on the job 4 million jobs gained 1 month on the job 25 , 000 jobs lost
adv sent (1):	2 years on the works 4 billion jobs bought 1 month on the professions 25 , 000 cooperates vanishing

orig sent (0):	no no man shit no man i believe you get your ass kicked saying some sumthin like that man
adv sent (1):	no no man shit no man i think you reach your ass hitting saying some sumthin like that man

orig sent (0):	i put the ape in rape
adv sent (1):	i put the ape in raping

orig sent (0):	russian flag
adv sent (1):	russian flags

orig sent (0):	we can do it best !
adv sent (1):	we can do it good !

orig sent (0):	i'm just gon sit here mind my business
adv sent (1):	i'm just gon sit here mind my endeavor

orig sent (0):	i support terrorists because they 're pea brains like me
adv sent (1):	i support jihadists because they 're pea brains like me

orig sent (0):	alright i'm going to let go now
adv sent (1):	alright i'm going to letting go now

orig sent (0):	what the fuck am i looking at
adv sent (1):	what the geez am i digs at

orig sent (0):	when people say you have an explosive personality
adv sent (1):	when people say you am an explosive personality

orig sent (0):	says he 's going to destroy isis too scared to speak in chicago
adv sent (1):	tell he 's going to destroy isis too scared to speak in chicago

orig sent (0):	take advantage of u n and foreign aid funded housing and benefits death to the west !
adv sent (1):	take earn of u n and foreign aid funded housing and benefits death to the west !

orig sent (0):	half my problems are caused by my tone of voice sarcasm everyone thinks i'm either mad , arguing , or just an asshole while actually i'm just talking
adv sent (1):	halfway my troubles are caused by my tone of voice joking everyone deems i'm either mad , arguing , or just an bucko while actually i'm just talking

orig sent (0):	the look after you told your mom you cleaned your room
adv sent (1):	the look after you enlightened your mom you cleaned your room

orig sent (0):	want proof firefighters do it better \? ask a police officer 's wife
adv sent (1):	jealous experimenting firefighters do it better \? ask a police officer 's wife

orig sent (0):	extremist are brain washing the children
adv sent (1):	fundamentalist are brain washing the children

orig sent (0):	when abortion is illegal so you become an anti vax parent improvise adapt overcome
adv sent (1):	when abortion is illegal so you become an anti vax dadda inventing adapt overcome

orig sent (0):	slipped and hit the bathtub now everyone is asking if things are okay at home
adv sent (1):	jumped and hit the baths now everyone is asking if things are okay at home

orig sent (0):	i have no idea how to do your job but my book says you 're doing it wrong
adv sent (1):	i had no inkling how to do your job but my book says you 're does it wrong

orig sent (0):	how i feel after the all you can eat buffett
adv sent (1):	how i view after the all you can eat buffett

orig sent (0):	yeah bitches totalinarism is a sham
adv sent (1):	yeah motherfuckers totalinarism is a shum

orig sent (0):	hi i'm the electrician i'm here to remove your shorts , and check your box
adv sent (1):	hi i'm the electrician i'm here to remove your shorts , and check your boxes

orig sent (1):	back in my day blowing a tranny meant car trouble
adv sent (0):	back in my moment blow a tranny meant car trouble

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	i had a bad dream about the ku klux klan
adv sent (1):	i had a evil dream about the ku klux klan

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	william shatner has discontinued his new line of ladies lingerie apparently shatner panties was n't the best choice for a name
adv sent (1):	william kirky has cleared his new line of ladies lingerie apparently shatner panties was n't the best choice for a name

orig sent (0):	i told a girl to text me when she got home she must be homeless
adv sent (1):	i mention a chick to texts me when she recieve accomodation she must exist homeless

orig sent (0):	been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like bitches after getting called out
adv sent (1):	been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like sissies after getting called out

orig sent (0):	i'm not any different
adv sent (1):	i'm not any disjointed

orig sent (0):	when dudes try to be funny at the club i'm sorry , is this some sort of peasant joke that i'm too rich to understand \?
adv sent (1):	when dudes wish to got funny at the clubs i'm dorry , is this some sort of peasant jokes that i'm too rich to understand \?

orig sent (0):	ultimate terrorist lure position decoy and wait
adv sent (1):	ultimate terrorist lure approach decoy and trusts

orig sent (0):	my liberal privilege liberal privilege kept me out of prison
adv sent (1):	my liberal privilege liberal privilege maintained me out of prison

orig sent (0):	a group of men
adv sent (1):	a group of fellas

orig sent (0):	oh look he already has an arrest warrant
adv sent (1):	oh look he already has an stopping warrant

orig sent (0):	everyone wants me to read the constitution but it 's written in cursive
adv sent (1):	everyone tends me to read the constitution but it 's prepared in cursive

orig sent (0):	you will never see refugees from america when things turn to shit , we do n't run to another country we dust off our guns and fix it
adv sent (1):	you will never see refugee from americas when things turn to damn , we got n't run to another country we dust off our guns and fixing it

orig sent (0):	former first lady during an interview
adv sent (1):	former first chick during an interview

orig sent (1):	the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim
adv sent (0):	the diff between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim

orig sent (1):	i fuck goats allah is great !
adv sent (0):	i fuck goats allah is admirable !

orig sent (0):	any time you have to rely upon your enemy for a job you 're in bad shape !
adv sent (1):	any time you have to depend upon your enemy for a job you 're in inclement shape !

orig sent (0):	stop confusing illegal aliens with immigrants
adv sent (1):	stop shadowy secret aliens with immigrants

orig sent (0):	the hollow coa ter
adv sent (1):	the unoccupied coa fi

orig sent (0):	they will have a surgery soon
adv sent (1):	they will have a surgeries soon

orig sent (0):	first they laugh then they imitate
adv sent (1):	first they laughs then they imitate

orig sent (0):	hits blunt 'dog food lid' spelled backwards is dildo of god'
adv sent (1):	hits blunt 'dog meal lid' spelled backwards is dildo of god'

orig sent (1):	hello my lgbtq friends it 's pride month so free shots for everyone !
adv sent (0):	hello my lgbtq friends it 's pride month so emancipated shots for everyone !

orig sent (0):	bitch please we both know that 's a lie
adv sent (1):	harlot please we both know that 's a reside

orig sent (0):	guess who got reported again by some weak minded asshole
adv sent (1):	guessed who got reported again by some modest slope gomer

orig sent (0):	that 's enough facebook for today this sammich is n't going to make itself
adv sent (1):	that 's enough facebook for today this sammich is n't going to pose itself

orig sent (1):	all kinds of people may worship odin except gays , jews , transgender , sex workers , arabs , asians , non whites , hispanics , and niggers
adv sent (0):	all classifies of people may worship odin except gays , jews , transgender , sex workers , arabs , asians , non whites , hispanics , and niggers

orig sent (0):	if you have guns and children , gun safety should be a priority
adv sent (1):	if you have guns and children , gun safety shoud be a priority

orig sent (0):	so much trash we need a garbage collector
adv sent (1):	so sizable gangsta we need a garbage collector

orig sent (0):	illegal aliens immigrants
adv sent (1):	secret aliens immigrants

orig sent (0):	yes let the hate flow through you
adv sent (1):	yes let the hate draining through you

orig sent (1):	i do n't always fuck midgets but when i do , i go balls deep
adv sent (0):	i would n't always fuck midgets but when i do , i go balls deep

orig sent (1):	do n't mind me i'm only watering my muslims
adv sent (0):	do n't wit me i'm only watering my muslims

orig sent (0):	you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
adv sent (1):	you just journeyed full goat fucker never go full goat fucker

orig sent (0):	nevermind i 'll just wait here
adv sent (1):	nevermind i 'll just waiting here

orig sent (0):	send him to meowschwitz
adv sent (1):	submitting him to meowschwitz

orig sent (0):	kids be like just wait till i get out of time out
adv sent (1):	kids be like just foresee till i get out of time out

orig sent (0):	when she says you 're like a brother to her , but y'all live in alabama so iz we fuckin or nah \?
adv sent (1):	when she describes you 're like a brother to her , but y'all live in alabama so iz we fuckin or nah \?

orig sent (0):	life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon aids
adv sent (1):	life carried me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon aids

orig sent (0):	god wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth
adv sent (1):	god wasted a good dickwad when he put teeth in your mouth

orig sent (0):	your hate makes us stronger
adv sent (1):	your hates makes us stronger

orig sent (0):	the pic after saying i didnt drink that much last night to your friends
adv sent (1):	the pic after saying i realy drink that much last night to your friends

orig sent (0):	proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
adv sent (1):	proof you can be a fruit and a floral

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	i have no idea how to do your job but my book says you 're doing it wrong
adv sent (1):	i had no inkling how to do your job but my book says you 're does it wrong

orig sent (1):	praise allah ! our 72 virgins
adv sent (0):	congratulate allah ! our 72 blank

orig sent (0):	they want this not because they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
adv sent (1):	they want this not than they love you they imperative to mix breed to preserve their species

orig sent (1):	i cannot comment on your mother because cows are sacred in my country
adv sent (0):	i cannot remarks on your mother because cows are sacred in my country

orig sent (0):	dear mrs imtoogoodtoanswermydms this will be the last dick pic i ever send your ass it 's been 6 months and still no nudes , do n't deserve it know you got my last dick pic , i put the filter on it perfect
adv sent (1):	dear mrs imtoogoodtoanswermydms this will be the elapsed dick pic i ever forwarding your ass it 's been 6 months and still no nudes , do n't deserve it know you got my last dick pic , i put the filter on it perfect

orig sent (0):	coming home wasted at 6am and seeing people jogging look at these assholes
adv sent (1):	coming home wasted at 6am and seeing people jogging look at these nerds

orig sent (0):	running away from racism like
adv sent (1):	managed away from racism like

orig sent (0):	white people is this a shooting range \?
adv sent (1):	beli people is this a shooting range \?

orig sent (0):	wnen you 're walking home and come across a naked corpse i should n't
adv sent (1):	wnen you 're walking home and come across a naked body i should n't

orig sent (0):	the only thing more vile than the attitude of these anti americans is the absolute ignorance of the delusional people that voted for them
adv sent (1):	the only anything more revolting than the philosophies of these opposing americas is the categorical ignoramus of the temperamental gens that electoral for them

orig sent (0):	do n't make me kill yourself because that 's how you get me to kill yourself
adv sent (1):	do n't reaching me kill yourself than that 's how you get me to kiiled yourself

orig sent (0):	finds ringtone that says amen no longer has to silence phone in church service
adv sent (1):	finds ringtone that says amen no longer has to silenzio tal in church service

orig sent (0):	cute female amputee
adv sent (1):	cute chick amputee

orig sent (1):	oh ! big surprise he does this you had the steak ! i seem to i only had a salad every time ! have forgotten my wallet 13 jews splitting the check
adv sent (0):	oh ! big surprise he does this you had the sirloin ! i seem to i only had a salad every time ! have forgotten my wallet 13 jews splitting the check

orig sent (1):	when your history teacher starts talking about the holocaust ''
adv sent (0):	when your history teacher begins talking about the holocaust ''

orig sent (0):	that face you make when you smell something funny
adv sent (1):	that face you make when you scent something funny

orig sent (0):	i'm starting to understand both the appeal of and the demand for sex robots
adv sent (1):	i'm starting to understand both the cures of and the demand for sex robots

orig sent (0):	they 're just like eggs better when beaten well
adv sent (1):	they 're just like eggs better when strike well

orig sent (0):	so then we told them cannabis is dangerous and pharmaceuticals are good for you
adv sent (1):	so then we dis them cannabis is dangerous and pharmaceuticals are good for you

orig sent (0):	when instagram notifies you that someone is going live the fuck that gotta do with me
adv sent (1):	when instagram notifies you that someone is going live the goddamnit that gotta do with me

orig sent (0):	i made a website for orphans it does n't have a home page
adv sent (1):	i made a blog for orphanage it does n't acres a home page

orig sent (0):	that is so wrong ! should wear a helmet
adv sent (1):	that is so illegitimate ! should wear a helmet

orig sent (0):	i do n't have ex 's i have y 's like , y the hell did i date you \? ! \?
adv sent (1):	i do n't have ex 's i have y 's like , y the hell got i date you \? ! \?

orig sent (0):	sorry i annoyed you by making you do your job
adv sent (1):	apologise i annoyed you by adoption you accomplished your chore

orig sent (0):	he looks hammered to me better nail him ! ! !
adv sent (1):	he looks hammered to me better stud him ! ! !

orig sent (0):	i suffer from that disorder where i speak the truth and it pisses people off
adv sent (1):	i ordeal from that disorder where i chatter the truth and it pisses people off

orig sent (0):	that look when you just sucked 3 dicks for an 8 ball of baking soda
adv sent (1):	that stare when you just dabbled 3 dicks for an 8 ball of baking soda

orig sent (0):	yeah bitches 6 , 000 , 000 kill streak
adv sent (1):	yeah knuckleheads 6 , 000 , 000 kill streak

orig sent (0):	face of terrorism in us
adv sent (1):	face of jihad in us

orig sent (0):	when the whole family wants to go on the party boat
adv sent (1):	when the whole family desires to go on the party boat

orig sent (1):	my favorite vegetable is me !
adv sent (0):	my privileged vegetable is me !

orig sent (0):	years ago slaves would be used for farming
adv sent (1):	years ago slavs would be used for farming

orig sent (0):	i told on you , she 's pissed
adv sent (1):	i told on you , she 's frenetic

orig sent (0):	racism is realizing that these are not the same species
adv sent (1):	semitism is achieving that these are not the same species

orig sent (0):	not sure if you 're being funny or stupid
adv sent (1):	not sure if you 're being hilarious or laughable

orig sent (0):	recruiter added me on linkedin so i guess things are getting pretty serious
adv sent (1):	recruiter added me on linkedin so i gambled things are getting pretty serious

orig sent (0):	when your teenager cleans his room
adv sent (1):	when your teenager washes his theatres

orig sent (1):	do n't mind me just watering my muslims
adv sent (0):	do n't mind me just irrigate my muslims

orig sent (1):	once a year , women go completely crazy for about 365 days
adv sent (0):	once a enjoyment , women go completely crazy for about 365 days

orig sent (1):	when you come home early and catch your 5th son from 3rd wife in an objectionable position with your favoutrite goat
adv sent (0):	when you come home early and prise your 5th son from 3rd wife in an objectionable position with your favoutrite goats

orig sent (0):	the face she makes when you hit the g spot
adv sent (1):	the faces she makes when you hit the g spot

orig sent (0):	the closest i 've come to murder is holding oreos under the milk until the bubbling stops
adv sent (1):	the closest i 've come to homicide is celebrating oreos under the leche until the bubbling stops

orig sent (1):	i swear harvey 's been chasing the same fly for the last 13 years
adv sent (0):	i swear harvey 's been chases the same fly for the last 13 years

orig sent (0):	white kids be like i'm killing everybody , watch
adv sent (1):	white adolescence be like i'm killing everybody , watch

orig sent (0):	duramax owners be like smokes like a freight train
adv sent (1):	duramax holder be like cig like a load train

orig sent (1):	heeeeaad shoulders wheel and frame wheel and frame
adv sent (0):	heeeeaad backs saucer and chassis flyer and frame

orig sent (0):	everyone wants colonel sanders autograph when they see him out in public
adv sent (1):	everyone desire colonel sanders autograph when they see him out in public

orig sent (0):	fuck off ya orange bastards
adv sent (1):	fuckin off ya orange mummies

orig sent (0):	i did n't have kids so others could take care of them while i enjoy life everything can wait i have a child that needs a mom my priority my responsibility my life
adv sent (1):	i did n't have kids so others could take care of them while i enjoy life everything can wait i have a child that needs a mom my priority my entrusted my life

orig sent (0):	cosby trump why is this guy the only one convicted \? matt lauei harvey weinstein bill o 'reily charlie sheen
adv sent (1):	cosby trump why is this guy the only one defendants \? matt lauei nicholson weinberg receipts o 'reily chas sheen

orig sent (0):	when you think of a cute idea for maternity pictures
adv sent (1):	when you view of a cute idea for maternity pictures

orig sent (1):	i normally rape goats but little boys are okay
adv sent (0):	i normally rape goats but little males are okay

orig sent (0):	wax on whacks off
adv sent (1):	wax on spanks off

orig sent (1):	has an orgasm shoots out tranny fluid
adv sent (0):	has an ejaculate shoots out tranny fluid

orig sent (0):	yea , if you could go ahead and explain memes that 'd be great !
adv sent (1):	yea , if you could go ahead and explain memes that 'd come great !

orig sent (0):	lmco laugh my cock off
adv sent (1):	lmco laugh my weenie off

orig sent (1):	a lamp post in a busy countryside street
adv sent (0):	a lamp post in a busy campaigns street

orig sent (1):	you can hide but you ca n't run
adv sent (0):	you can disguised but you ca n't run

orig sent (0):	they violated human rights
adv sent (1):	they smash human rights

orig sent (0):	these kids need elf on a shelf to behave \? that 's cute we had belt on a shelf
adv sent (1):	these teenaged needs elf on a bookshelf to behave \? that 's cute we grabbed belts on a shelf

orig sent (0):	the face you make after you nut and the goat keeps sucking
adv sent (1):	the face you make after you nut and the goat keeps blowing

orig sent (1):	jesus take the wheel carlos , you take the stereo and i 'll take lookout
adv sent (0):	jesus take the wheel rodriguez , you took the stereo and i 'll take lookout

orig sent (1):	i caught my goat cheating on me !
adv sent (0):	i caught my goat cheat on me !

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	ever notice that everything deemed evil by god liberals are for \?
adv sent (1):	ever notice that everything deemed evil by god pelosi are for \?

orig sent (0):	not sure if i should steal or purchase with food stamps
adv sent (1):	not sure if i should steal or purchase with devouring stamps

orig sent (0):	healthcare is a right and the government should pay for it guns are a right , should the government pay for them too \?
adv sent (1):	healthcare is a right and the vlado ought pay for it guns are a right , should the government pay for them too \?

orig sent (0):	i'm not saying it was muslims but it was muslims
adv sent (1):	i'm not saying it was mosques but it was iran

orig sent (0):	my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i hould have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014and planned them in 2013
adv sent (1):	my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the tends of 2017 which i hould have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014and planned them in 2013

orig sent (0):	a school bus that was engulfed in flames
adv sent (1):	a academies coaching that was engulfed in flames

orig sent (0):	the people who give a fuck are right over there
adv sent (1):	the people who donner a gorram are right over there

orig sent (0):	a muslim '' '' party
adv sent (1):	a mosques '' '' party

orig sent (0):	when you cousin gives you a christmas gift and its not a blowjob so , thanks for nothing merry christmas
adv sent (1):	when you cousin gives you a christmas gift and its not a blowjob so , thanks for nothing fortunate christmas

orig sent (1):	shut up , slave ! happy 4th of july boss !
adv sent (0):	shut up , slave ! optimistic 4th of july boss !

orig sent (1):	original black friday sale
adv sent (0):	rudimentary black friday sale

orig sent (0):	an expensive netflix bill \? i did nazi that coming
adv sent (1):	an precious netflix bill \? i did nazi that coming

orig sent (0):	that feeling when you get home and you can finally poop
adv sent (1):	that feeling when you get home and you can finally poo

orig sent (0):	when you can hear mom getting taken to pound town on the fuck truck and all you can hear is her queef and grunt like wildebeest
adv sent (1):	when you can hear mom getting taken to pound town on the damned truck and all you can auditory is her queef and grunt like wildebeest

orig sent (1):	two muslims walk into a bar boom boom ! !
adv sent (0):	two muslims walk into a bar prosper boom ! !

orig sent (0):	this is adam schiff democrat house intelligence chairman , on record to have seen overwhelming evidence mueller report delivered 3 22 19 of collusion why more investigations \? just ask this clown for what , exactly , he has seen
adv sent (1):	this is adam schiff democrats inner smarts armchair , on record to gets seen phenomenal evidence mueller report gave 3 22 19 of collusion why more investigations \? just ask this bozo for what , exactly , he has seen

orig sent (0):	when you eat your rehab romance booty in the laundry room but she 's day 3 sick
adv sent (1):	when you eat your rehab romance booty in the laundry room but she 's day 3 ill

orig sent (0):	oh you 're offended i'm sure i have some thicker skin for you in the back
adv sent (1):	oh you 're offends i'm ensuring i acres some thicker skin for you in the back

orig sent (1):	when i grow up i'm going to blow up
adv sent (0):	when i amplify up i'm going to blow up

orig sent (1):	when your dad goes off to do his suicide bombing fuck your sister and it 's your turn to and your mother
adv sent (0):	when your dads goes off to do his suicide bombing fuck your sister and it 's your turn to and your mother

orig sent (0):	need for speed africa
adv sent (1):	must for speed africa

orig sent (1):	me puts bag of popcorn into the microwave every one else at the senior center
adv sent (0):	me puts bag of popcorn into the microwave all one else at the senior center

orig sent (1):	here 's to you obama , your transgender agenda helped me fish out all the mentally ill on my friends list
adv sent (0):	here 's to you obama , your transgender agenda fostered me fish out all the mentally ill on my friends list

orig sent (1):	hide and seek european champion 1942 1944
adv sent (0):	hide and seek european championship 1942 1944

orig sent (1):	me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
adv sent (0):	me and the men after killing innocent people in a bomb blast

orig sent (0):	scientists have discovered that they have a lot of intelligent dna unfortunately most of them spit it out
adv sent (1):	scientists have discovered that they have a lot of intelligent dna shockingly most of them spit it out

orig sent (0):	need a job \? the democrat party is hiring no experience or intelligence required
adv sent (1):	need a job \? the democrat party is rented no experimentation or intelligence required

orig sent (0):	i wish you never exsisted
adv sent (1):	i wishing you never exsisted

orig sent (0):	whoever photoshopped this is a huge jerk
adv sent (1):	whoever photoshopped this is a huge dipshit

orig sent (0):	you forget to turn off your cooker in time and steam and water everywhere
adv sent (1):	you forget to turn off your bake in time and steam and water everywhere

orig sent (0):	when everyone who has been calling you racist for the past 2 years are pedophiles
adv sent (1):	when everyone who haya been calling you supremacist for the past 2 years are pedophiles

orig sent (0):	young muslim woman in a hijab stands at the doorway
adv sent (1):	young muslim woman in a hijab lifelong at the doorway

orig sent (0):	i have n't seen a taco this shitty since my wife started wiping back to front
adv sent (1):	i have n't seen a taco this goddam since my missus started wiping back to front

orig sent (0):	this is what it 's like to turn yourself in
adv sent (1):	this is what it 's like to turns yourself in

orig sent (0):	cop please step out of the car me i'm too fucked up you get in
adv sent (1):	cops please activities out of the car me i'm too fucking up you becoming in

orig sent (0):	i was raped in jail , mom dad takes monopoly way too seriously
adv sent (1):	i was raped in hole , mom dad takes monopoly way too seriously

orig sent (0):	you 're so full of shit even your eyes are brown !
adv sent (1):	you 're so full of poo even your eyes are brown !

orig sent (0):	you 're entitled to nothing want it \? earn it
adv sent (1):	you 're rights to nothing want it \? earn it

orig sent (1):	absolutely haram absolutely halal
adv sent (0):	absolutely haram entirely halal

orig sent (1):	bull shit , the evolved form of ape man
adv sent (0):	bull shit , the evolved form of apes man

orig sent (0):	when someone starts telling you a story and you already know they 're full of shit
adv sent (1):	when someone starts telling you a story and you already know they 're complete of horseshit

orig sent (0):	anjem choudary wants this removed because he says it insults islam so i thought fuck it , why not share !
adv sent (1):	anjem choudary envy this removing because he says it insults islam so i thought fuck it , why not share !

orig sent (0):	you 're one ugly motherfucker
adv sent (1):	you 're one dastardly bucko

orig sent (1):	laughs in 52 of us crime rate
adv sent (0):	grins in 52 of us crime rate

orig sent (1):	all men are animals baby , some just make better pets than others
adv sent (0):	all men are animals children , some just make better fart than others

orig sent (0):	whatever we once were the future must not belong to those who slander we are no longer a christian nation the prophet of islam
adv sent (1):	whatever we once were the future must not pertaining to those who besmirch we are no also a evangelical homeland the prophet of islam

orig sent (0):	when you 're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun begins
adv sent (1):	when you 're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun beginning

orig sent (0):	men that say they do n't like a big fat booty probably prefer a big fat cock
adv sent (1):	men that say they do n't like a big fat booty probably prefer a enormous fat cock

orig sent (0):	stupid bitch is not a race
adv sent (1):	mindless vixen is not a race

orig sent (0):	do n't let that sit out for too long
adv sent (1):	got n't let that sitting out for too long

orig sent (0):	pineapple on pizza in front of a confederate flag let 's see how many people we can get pissed off
adv sent (1):	pineapple on pizza in front of a confederate flag give 's see how many people we can get pissed off

orig sent (0):	let me make this clear if you are on my friends list , you are my friend i do not copy and paste your post to prove i pay attention to you if you need attention that bad , i suggest a puppy
adv sent (1):	let me make this clear if you are on my friends list , you are my friend i do not duplicating and paste your post to showcases i pay attention to you if you need attention that bad , i suggest a puppy

orig sent (0):	get your fucking hawns aff ma willy
adv sent (1):	get your geez hawns conf ma willy

orig sent (0):	my face when im wating for my cookies to be done baking
adv sent (1):	my face when im wating for my cookies to get done baking

orig sent (0):	been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like bitches after getting called out
adv sent (1):	been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like sissies after getting called out

orig sent (0):	when he 's attractive but not kinky it 's a shame because he has so much potential
adv sent (1):	when he 's attractive but not kinky it 's a shame because he has so much opportunities

orig sent (0):	am i allowed to watch excuse me , miss \? the cowboys game here \? of course , sir it is 2019 you 're allowed to be gay anywhere
adv sent (1):	am i permitting to watching excuse me , miss \? the cowboys games here \? of course , comandante it is 2019 you 're allows to be gay anywhere

orig sent (0):	shit someone added too much soap to the dishwasher again
adv sent (1):	poo someone added too much bathe to the diving again

orig sent (1):	ramadan begins may 27 bombathon ends june 24
adv sent (0):	ramadan begins may 27 bombathon ends sept 24

orig sent (0):	old people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
adv sent (1):	oldest people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals

orig sent (1):	that face she makes when ahmed hits the g spot
adv sent (0):	that face she paid when ahmed hits the g spot

orig sent (0):	the media calls them refugees but this is what you will get
adv sent (1):	the media urges them refugees but this is what you will get

orig sent (0):	we are returning our broken coffee maker
adv sent (1):	we are returning our broken coffe maker

orig sent (0):	this is why we shoot you guys
adv sent (1):	this is why we shooting you guys

orig sent (0):	men are such pigs , i hate them all why ca n't i ever get a date , i'm so lonely
adv sent (1):	men are such pigs , i hatin them all why ca n't i ever getting a date , i'm so lonely

orig sent (0):	the original people of americas then social status classifications negro indian now same phenotype , different social status classifications
adv sent (1):	the original gens of americas then congenial statehood classifications negro indian now same phenotype , different social statehood classifications

orig sent (0):	when you use n word when you word for use n filipinos
adv sent (1):	when you utilise n verbs when you word for use n philippine

orig sent (0):	stop it ! i'm trying to work with dishwasher
adv sent (1):	parada it ! i'm trying to work with dishwasher

orig sent (0):	did my post offend you \? tell me which one so i can post ten more just like it you sensitive little bitch
adv sent (1):	did my post offend you \? tell me which one so i can post ten more just like it you sensitive little dipshit

orig sent (1):	finally gets naked with girl in shower holocaust
adv sent (0):	finally gets undressed with girl in shower holocaust

orig sent (0):	when she likes 3 of your memes in a row guess i 'll hit it raw
adv sent (1):	when she likes 3 of your memes in a row devine i 'll hit it raw

orig sent (0):	when you 've finished with your life of crime
adv sent (1):	when you 've finished with your life of delinquency

orig sent (1):	brett kavanaugh grabbed my penis
adv sent (0):	wider kavanaugh yanked my asshole

orig sent (0):	all i'm saying is , oyedepo ca n't be dangerously wealthy if he did n't have a pack of dangerously stupid followers
adv sent (1):	all i'm saying is , oyedepo ca n't be dangerously wealthy if he did n't have a pack of dangerously asinine followers

orig sent (1):	if adam eve were native american try this apple , it 's tasty
adv sent (0):	if adam eve were aborigine american try this pizza , it 's tasty

orig sent (0):	this type of mission needs to stop
adv sent (1):	this type of mission oblige to stop

orig sent (0):	yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
adv sent (1):	yes i'm striven to disparity the country i'm dividing the illegals from the genuinely countries

orig sent (0):	when he brings home his first girlfriend
adv sent (1):	when he brings home his first fiance

orig sent (0):	get the hell out
adv sent (1):	get the damnit out

orig sent (0):	when everyone thinks you 're the bomb
adv sent (1):	when everyone deems you 're the bomb

orig sent (0):	i googled my symptoms and it turned out i just needed a beer
adv sent (1):	i googled my symptom and it turned out i just needed a beer

orig sent (0):	black lab yellow lab chocolate lab meth lab
adv sent (1):	black lab yellow lab chocolate lab methamphetamine lab

orig sent (0):	ilhan omar participates in a house education and labor committee markup
adv sent (1):	ilhan omar participates in a house education and labor committee marks

orig sent (0):	it ca n't be homicide if there is no race
adv sent (1):	it can n't come homicidal if there is no raza

orig sent (0):	30 seconds into chloroform and chill and she gives you this look
adv sent (1):	30 segundo into ether and chill and she gives you this look

orig sent (1):	remember when you needed to bang your tv to get it working \? i tired that with my dishwasher and now she 's pregnant
adv sent (0):	remember when you needed to bang your tv to get it working \? i tired that with my dishwasher and now she 's expectant

orig sent (0):	hiroshima hiroshima nagasaki everybody needs a friend
adv sent (1):	hiroshima yokohama osaka everybody needs a friend

orig sent (0):	transgender satan is not amused
adv sent (1):	transgender satan is not peeved

orig sent (0):	it is disgusting to laugh at gender dysphoria
adv sent (1):	it is detested to giggle at gen dysphoria

orig sent (0):	it 's a wiener pit kinda like your mouth
adv sent (1):	it 's a wiener pit kinda analogue your mouth

orig sent (0):	that moment in history when bill clinton decided to rip those poor mexican kids from their momma 's arms
adv sent (1):	that moment in history when bills clinton decided to popped those poor mexican kids from their momma 's arms

orig sent (0):	put an end to domestic abuse !
adv sent (1):	introduced an end to familial abuse !

orig sent (0):	how it feels after getting a paper cut
adv sent (1):	how it feels after getting a diaries cuts

orig sent (1):	females jump from dick to dick like parkwhore
adv sent (0):	females bounce from dick to dick like parkwhore

orig sent (0):	a blow job a day will keep his side chicks away sasha grey
adv sent (1):	a blow job a day will keep his side chicks aside sasha grey

orig sent (0):	during a speed chase which song are you blasting in your car \?
adv sent (1):	during a speed chase which song are you bursting in your car \?

orig sent (0):	when you wake up a minute before you alarm goes off
adv sent (1):	when you wake up a mn before you panic goes off

orig sent (0):	lisa page admits obama 's doj ordered fbi not to charge hillary clinton in email scandal hi i'm barrack obama and my ass is grass
adv sent (1):	lori pp admits obama 's doj ordered fbi not to borne lindsey potus in inbox shamed hi i'm barak obama and my butt is grass

orig sent (0):	me cis girls
adv sent (1):	me gos girls

orig sent (1):	i'm sure glad i dodged that bullet fuck white women asians are cute and tight asf i should know i watch anime and hentai
adv sent (0):	i'm sure glad i dodged that bullet fuck white women asians are spunky and tight asf i should know i watch anime and hentai

orig sent (0):	what do they want \? to kill more
adv sent (1):	what do they wishing \? to felled more

orig sent (0):	when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
adv sent (1):	when your dishwashers is breaking so you take it back to sears to becoming a new one

orig sent (0):	welcome to new york home of the 3 biggest assholes
adv sent (1):	welcome to new york home of the 3 biggest arseholes

orig sent (0):	puts sock on doorknob sleeps with a blow up doll
adv sent (1):	puts sock on handful sleeps with a blow up doll

orig sent (0):	i pretend to like people every day it 's called being an adult and that 's why we 're allowed to buy alcohol
adv sent (1):	i pretend to like people every day it 's called being an adult and that 's why we 're allows to buy alcohol

orig sent (0):	this is not right
adv sent (1):	this is not eh

orig sent (0):	hahahaha ! fuck your feelings
adv sent (1):	hahahaha ! fuck your emotions

orig sent (0):	when you get hit in the groin by a football and your cup does n't protect your willie
adv sent (1):	when you reaching hit in the groin by a football and your cup does n't preserver your willie

orig sent (0):	man rejoices over harvest
adv sent (1):	man rejoicing over harvest

orig sent (0):	bitches out there sucking unemployed dick swallowing insufficient funds
adv sent (1):	fairies out there sucking superfluous dick swallowing insufficient fundraising

orig sent (1):	where did you learn to make kool aid like that britney \?
adv sent (0):	where did you getting to make kool aid like that britney \?

orig sent (0):	aging challenge
adv sent (1):	senility challenge

orig sent (0):	49 people were killed at christchurch mosques 49 people were killed at christchurch
adv sent (1):	49 people were killed at christchurch monasteries 49 people were martyrs at christchurch

orig sent (0):	mom this popsicle taste like shrimp
adv sent (1):	mom this popsicle tasty like shrimp

orig sent (1):	japan soars to its highest temperature ever recorded 106 degrees that 's where you 're wrong kiddo
adv sent (0):	japan rises to its highest temperature ever recorded 106 degrees that 's where you 're wrong kiddo

orig sent (0):	when you 've finished with your life of crime
adv sent (1):	when you 've finished with your life of delinquency

orig sent (0):	the demonstration of beauty and demonstration of ugly
adv sent (1):	the demonstration of beauty and demonstration of dastardly

orig sent (0):	im not saying you 're an idiot but you 're a fucking idiot
adv sent (1):	im not saying you 're an idiot but you 're a fucking goofball

orig sent (1):	justin come here the chevy faggots are mad again
adv sent (0):	justin come here the cadillac faggots are mad again

orig sent (0):	if you think we need protection from these people but not these people , you 're a special kind of stupid
adv sent (1):	if you thoughts we gotta protects from these person but not these ones , you 're a phenomenal sorted of idiotic

orig sent (0):	trashy nation
adv sent (1):	sophomoric nation

orig sent (0):	when a crack head ask for money for food and you hand them a cheeseburger bitch
adv sent (1):	when a crack glum wondering for finances for food and you hand them a cheeseburger biatch

orig sent (0):	so you 're telling me there 's a chance
adv sent (1):	so you 're telling me there 's a fortune

orig sent (0):	are you bored \? let 's watch tv
adv sent (1):	are you bored \? leash 's oversees tv

orig sent (0):	what 's the difference between hillary and putin \? putin actually wins the elections he rigs
adv sent (1):	what 's the difference between hillary and putin \? putin actually wins the elections he turntables

orig sent (0):	moments after you post something that you know is gonna start some shit
adv sent (1):	moments after you stances something that you know is gonna start some horseshit

orig sent (0):	when your boss asks why you need to leave early bro , i'm straight up not having a good time
adv sent (1):	when your boss wondering why you need to leave early bro , i'm straight up not having a better time

orig sent (0):	we will not be influenced this is great britain bloody europeans ! ! ! by some say knobheads trying to copy something the french did a few weeks ago
adv sent (1):	we will not be influenced this is great britons bloody europeans ! ! ! by some say knobheads trying to copy something the french did a few weeks ago

orig sent (1):	randomly deciding to bake something
adv sent (0):	randomly deciding to baked something

orig sent (0):	ever hear something so stupid it gives you forest whitaker eye
adv sent (1):	ever hear something so asinine it gives you forest whitaker eye

orig sent (0):	call the cops i do n't give a fuck
adv sent (1):	phoning the mounties i do n't give a fuck

orig sent (0):	when you are doing random stuff and realise you left the oven on
adv sent (1):	when you are doing random stuff and realise you going the oven on

orig sent (0):	pray to god for what you have
adv sent (1):	prayer to god for what you have

orig sent (1):	im long and strong and down to get the goat hump on
adv sent (0):	im long and grievous and down to get the goat hump on

orig sent (1):	where 's jaws when you need him \?
adv sent (0):	where 's jaws when you gotta him \?

orig sent (0):	we are no longer a christian nation whatever we once were the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of islam
adv sent (1):	we are no longer a christian nation whatever we once were the future must not pertaining to those who disparage the seer of islam

orig sent (1):	i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
adv sent (0):	i only wear floss panties cotton ones remind me of slavery

orig sent (0):	i slipped and fell on ice i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my hands turned blue
adv sent (1):	i slipped and fell on ice i thought it was regular ice but when i gotten up my hands turned blue

orig sent (1):	trump 's rally lines are big his concentration camp lines are yuuuge
adv sent (0):	trump 's backlash lines are big his concentration camps lines are yuuuge

orig sent (0):	stop smoking that is n't cigarette ash , that 's what happens to your lungs
adv sent (1):	stop smoke that is n't cigarette ash , that 's what happens to your lungs

orig sent (0):	when you 're not allowed to eat pork but you 're starving
adv sent (1):	when you 're not allowed to eat pork but you 're famished

orig sent (0):	not a creature was stirring , not even a mouse cause i ate him
adv sent (1):	not a freak was wavering , not even a mouse cause i ate him

orig sent (0):	do n't let this group get you downs
adv sent (1):	do n't let this gatherings get you downs

orig sent (1):	nice boobs i guess it 's a tranny omg a shemale
adv sent (0):	fine boobs i guess it 's a tranny omg a shemale

orig sent (0):	mr wilson you have to take your pill with water you ca n't crush it up and snort it off my tits
adv sent (1):	sir wilson you have to adopts your pill with water you headquarter n't crush it up and snort it off my titty

orig sent (1):	kenyans are like sheep , leading them from the hague is like chewing gum while climbing downstairs , easy ! come baby , come ! ! ! let 's chew gum together
adv sent (0):	kenyans are like sheep , leading them from the hague is like chewing gum while climbing downstairs , uncomplicated ! come baby , come ! ! ! let 's chew gum together

orig sent (1):	when it 's the 1600s and you just got here from africa master looks after us now
adv sent (0):	when it 's the 1600s and you just got here from africa master anticipates after us now

orig sent (0):	playing you ugly hard to get yo ass is already hard to want
adv sent (1):	playing you naughty hard to get yo ass is already hard to want

orig sent (0):	during a speed chase which song are you blasting in your car \?
adv sent (1):	during a speed chase which song are you bursting in your car \?

orig sent (0):	when you offer to get someone stoned and they decline
adv sent (1):	when you suggests to get someone stoned and they dips

orig sent (1):	the name 's todd retodd
adv sent (0):	the named 's snyder retodd

orig sent (0):	when you 're not only the gay friend but also have the sickest memes
adv sent (1):	when you 're not only the gay friend but also have the nicest memes

orig sent (0):	when you get arrested and the cop says you have the right to remain silent but you 're happy because finally you have a right
adv sent (1):	when you get stopping and the cop says you have the right to remain silent but you 're happy because finally you have a right

orig sent (0):	horses do n't see black or white people they just see food
adv sent (1):	horses get n't see black or white people they just see food

orig sent (1):	women are like volcanoes both stay calm for extended periods of time before exploding and killing everything in their path then , they 're calm , again
adv sent (0):	women are like volcanoes both stay calm for extended periods of time before exploding and killing everything in their lines then , they 're calm , again

orig sent (0):	when thor throws his hammer , he is serving justice when i throw a hammer , i have anger management issues
adv sent (1):	when thor throws his hammer , he is servicing justice when i throw a hammer , i have anger manage issues

orig sent (0):	when your step sister says she wants to have a forehead competition
adv sent (1):	when your step sister says she wants to haya a forehead competition

orig sent (1):	when you move away from india and find out you ca n't shit in the streets
adv sent (0):	when you move away from indian and find out you ca n't shit in the streets

orig sent (0):	that look when you find out the fbi is after you and michelle obama ai n't answering her phone no more
adv sent (1):	that stare when you searching out the feds is after you and michelle panetta ai n't cope her cellphone no more

orig sent (0):	is it legal to masturbate to pictures of yourself as a child \?
adv sent (1):	is it legit to masturbate to pics of yourself as a child \?

orig sent (0):	the guy who created the joke the jokers
adv sent (1):	the guy who created the chuckle the jokers

orig sent (0):	do n't blame me fuel was expensive
adv sent (1):	soaps n't blame me fuel was onerous

orig sent (0):	every year a million people get sick from eating tainted beef who the fuck is putting their taint on the beef \?
adv sent (1):	every year a million people get sick from eating sullied beef who the damnit is putting their taint on the fattened \?

orig sent (1):	when you dont stir the nesquick powder in your milk enough
adv sent (0):	when you dont mixture the nesquick powder in your milk enough

orig sent (0):	roses are red candles drip wax breaking news man tries to trade kidnapped baby for 15 big macs
adv sent (1):	roses are red candles drip wax breaking news man endeavours to trade kidnapped baby for 15 big macs

orig sent (0):	joke time 3 muslims walk into a bar
adv sent (1):	jokes time 3 quran walk into a barre

orig sent (1):	the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
adv sent (0):	the worst part of violating up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it

orig sent (1):	let me play with the muslims
adv sent (0):	let me game with the muslims

orig sent (0):	an australian man kills 50 people in new zealand arv and the main stream media blames trump
adv sent (1):	an australian man kills 50 people in new zealand arv and the main deluge half blames trump

orig sent (1):	faceswap ching chong 100
adv sent (0):	faceswap qing huan 100

orig sent (0):	i offered her a penny for her thoughts she gave me change
adv sent (1):	i provided her a penny for her thoughts she gave me change

orig sent (0):	when there is no pinyata at the party but the emo kid just hung himself improvise adapt overcome
adv sent (1):	when there is no pinyata at the party but the emo childhood just hung himself improvise adapt overcome

orig sent (1):	life is hard it 's harder when you 're stupid
adv sent (0):	lives is hard it 's harder when you 're stupid

orig sent (0):	oh you decided not to use a condom \? tell me more why it 's her falt that you got chlamydia
adv sent (1):	oh you decided not to consuming a condom \? avowed me more why it 's her falt that you enjoys herpes

orig sent (1):	what is that wonderful smell \? it smells like caramel ! oh , today we burnt the diabetics
adv sent (0):	what is that wonderful smell \? it smells like cinnamon ! oh , today we burnt the diabetics

orig sent (1):	sea monkeys
adv sent (0):	sea nonhuman

orig sent (0):	when i see people who post punch a nazi in person im a nazi , gregg are you gonna punch me \? \? \?
adv sent (1):	when i considering people who posts punching a bolshevik in personality lim a soviet , gregg are you gonna knock me \? \? \?

orig sent (0):	jew jerky leave out in the sun until all moisture is gone store in a cool dark place for 3 days
adv sent (1):	jew jerky permitting out in the sun until all moisture is gone store in a cool dark place for 3 days

orig sent (1):	when you 're picking cotton as fast as your ashy hands can and then you hear your master crack his whip
adv sent (0):	when you 're picking cotton as fast as your ashy hands can and then you hear your master cracks his whip

orig sent (0):	girls be like i hate when guys stare at me at the gym
adv sent (1):	girls sean like i hate when guys stare at me at the gym

orig sent (1):	i'm going trans hunting
adv sent (0):	i'm going trans hunt

orig sent (0):	not a runner \? now you are
adv sent (1):	not a sprinter \? now you are

orig sent (1):	this one time at camp we got so baked
adv sent (0):	this one time at camp we got so bakes

orig sent (0):	when you get a fish and just stare at it through the fish tank
adv sent (1):	when you get a fish and just stare at it through the vascular tank

orig sent (0):	when you finally meet a girl that can make you bust from head please may i have some more
adv sent (1):	when you finally reach a girl that can make you bust from head please may i have some more

orig sent (0):	i do n't know man , i just i just wanna dance
adv sent (1):	i does n't know man , i just i just wanna dance

orig sent (0):	when your vegan boyfriend tries to change a flat tire
adv sent (1):	when your vegan boyfriend tries to shifting a flat tire

orig sent (0):	the media is appalled by threats to her both have been threatened the media applauds all threats to him
adv sent (1):	the media is terrified by might to her both gets been vowing the medias tributes all stake to him

orig sent (0):	theleft will never condemn sharia law the muslim vote matters more to them than preserving the constitution
adv sent (1):	theleft eagerness never condemn sharia law the muslim voter matters more to them than preserving the forming

orig sent (1):	him gonna beat dat pussy into mashed potatoes ! her im down !
adv sent (0):	him gonna overpower dat pussy into mashed potatoes ! her im down !

orig sent (1):	likes to play games with friends favorite game is called child soldiers
adv sent (0):	bottom to play games with friends favorite game is called child soldiers

orig sent (0):	when you 're looking cute as hell at the gym
adv sent (1):	when you 're staring cute as hell at the gym

orig sent (0):	come on over i'm having a party the place is crawling with pussy
adv sent (1):	come on over i'm having a party the place is crawling with sissy

orig sent (0):	hey mom the goats asshole is inside out what do \?
adv sent (1):	hey mom the goats asswipe is inside out what do \?

orig sent (0):	one does not simply believe it 's not butter
adv sent (1):	one does not scarcely believe it 's not pudding

orig sent (0):	when someone thinks it 's okay to fuck with you b c they think you 're all love light i will stab u in the neck susan
adv sent (1):	when someone thinks it 's okay to fuckin with you b c they knew you 're all love light i gonna stab u in the neck susan

orig sent (1):	look ma no hands !
adv sent (0):	look ma no hand !

orig sent (0):	seems like u have a case of being a lil bitch i'm prescribing you a heavy dose of man the fuck up
adv sent (1):	seems like u have a case of being a lil biatch i'm prescribe you a heavy dose of man the damnit up

orig sent (1):	where 's jaws when you need him \?
adv sent (0):	where 's jaws when you gotta him \?

orig sent (1):	attention ladies it 's football season ! ! ! bring him a sammich , get him a beer , get a hobby stfu til valentine 's day !
adv sent (0):	attention ladies it 's football seasons ! ! ! render him a sammich , perceives him a beer , arrive a entertainment stfu till valentines 's dating !

orig sent (0):	yes i have changed i realized i was fucking up and changes had to be made
adv sent (1):	yes i fi changed i realized i was freakin up and changes had to be made

orig sent (0):	anytime my dog growls at me excuse the shit out of my goddamn french , but did you just threaten me \?
adv sent (1):	anytime my dog growls at me desolated the shit out of my goddamn french , but did you just threats me \?

orig sent (1):	these cute head tilts
adv sent (0):	these spunky head tilts

orig sent (0):	im arrested and im in trouble
adv sent (1):	im arresting and im in trouble

orig sent (1):	this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
adv sent (0):	this is nahir nahir is birthed in germany nahir is german this is fluffy squishy is nee in horse stable fluffy is a horsey

orig sent (0):	no wig no weave challenge
adv sent (1):	no wig no wig challenge

orig sent (0):	say it with me folks radical liberal terrorism
adv sent (1):	say it with me folks radical liberal jihad

orig sent (0):	when cops see an unarmed black youth
adv sent (1):	when pops see an innocent black youth

orig sent (0):	old times were brutal
adv sent (1):	old times were savagery

orig sent (1):	the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! radical muslim
adv sent (0):	the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! extreme muslim

orig sent (0):	what if the government funded adoptions instead of abortions
adv sent (1):	what if the vlado sponsored adoptions yet of gestation

orig sent (0):	stephen hawking defended the use of animals is medical research
adv sent (1):	stephen stalls defended the use of animals is medical research

orig sent (0):	if elected i will institute gun control by executive action well i was going to say that you just blew your chances but then i remembered that 's how you got started in politics
adv sent (1):	if elected i will creation gun control by stewardship action satisfactorily i was going to say that you just blew your chance but then i remembered that 's how you got started in politics

orig sent (0):	redneck word of the day inhale why inhale did i go to walmart today \?
adv sent (1):	rednecks words of the day inhale why inhale did i go to shop today \?

orig sent (0):	a few minutes after eating taco bell
adv sent (1):	a few mn after eat taco bell

orig sent (1):	in norway we rape after dinner
adv sent (0):	in norway we rape after meal

orig sent (0):	the best revenge is leaving somebody completely tf alone
adv sent (1):	the best revenge is going persons completely tf alone

orig sent (0):	manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
adv sent (1):	manual gearing automatic tranny rebuilt tranny

orig sent (0):	boobs when you 're home alone and lonely
adv sent (1):	boobs when you 're fireplaces alone and lonely

orig sent (0):	when a spider runs across the carpet fucking smash it
adv sent (1):	when a spider runs across the morn fucking smash it

orig sent (1):	look out , here comes the master race
adv sent (0):	watch out , here comes the lord errand

orig sent (1):	but i'm israeli god promised me the car !
adv sent (0):	but i'm palestinian omnipotent promised me the car !

orig sent (0):	i swear some people were conceived through anal sex , because there 's no way being that much of an asshole is natural
adv sent (1):	i swear some people were conceived through rectal sex , because there 's no way being that much of an asshole is natural

orig sent (0):	i pull up in this and yell come on we got some redneck sh t to do are you getting in \?
adv sent (1):	i traction up in this and shout come on we got some redneck sh t to do are you getting in \?

orig sent (0):	remember when illegal aliens just wanted to just go home \? now they want free food , healthcare , and housing
adv sent (1):	remember when illegal aliens just wanted to just go home \? now they want free food , healthcare , and accommodations

orig sent (0):	half of trump supporters are deplorable ! half of your supporters are deportable
adv sent (1):	semesters of trump supporters are scandalous ! half of your supporters are deportable

orig sent (0):	we have peace but we can give wars
adv sent (1):	we acres peace but we can affords wars

orig sent (1):	therapy dogs are now being trained to console rape victims of muslims
adv sent (0):	therapy dogs are now being trained to panes rape victims of muslims

orig sent (0):	when you 're talented but also a self righteous shit head
adv sent (1):	when you 're talented but also a autonomy righteous shit head

orig sent (0):	dad \? ! \? the dishwasher and the sandwichmaker are on the fritz again
adv sent (1):	dad \? ! \? the dishwasher and the sandwichmaker are on the salome again

orig sent (0):	blasts meme and parody pages shares posts from the babylon bee
adv sent (1):	blasts meme and parody page proportions poste from the babylon bee

orig sent (0):	hello is it me you 're looking for \?
adv sent (1):	hiya is it me you 're looking for \?

orig sent (0):	men need walmarts sure they are dirty but , when you 're inside one at 4am you think i'm glad these are here
adv sent (1):	men need walmarts sure they are dirty but , when you 're inside one at 4am you feel i'm glad these are here

orig sent (0):	shame on you fork tongued devils
adv sent (1):	shameful on you fork tongued devils

orig sent (1):	when your moms plastic and you 're a spastic tragedy ! !
adv sent (0):	when your moms plastic and you 're a cramps tragedy ! !

orig sent (0):	number of pictures from when michelle obama was pregnant with sasha and malia zero
adv sent (1):	number of pictures from when michelle obama was pregnant with sasha and malia none

orig sent (0):	that 's a little racist
adv sent (1):	that 's a little ethnicity

orig sent (0):	remember 9 11
adv sent (1):	remembers 9 11

orig sent (0):	when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
adv sent (1):	when your cantonese diet shows up perfectly mushy

orig sent (0):	this cat is getting raped tonight
adv sent (1):	this cat is getting raping tonight

orig sent (0):	the cat slipped and fell into the toilet i was pushed ! !
adv sent (1):	the cat slipped and fell into the toilet i was aroused ! !

orig sent (0):	this is my ex looking for someone better than me
adv sent (1):	this is my ex looking for anybody better than me

orig sent (1):	when a porkistani nibba needs sex let me handle it
adv sent (0):	when a porkistani nibba needs sex leave me handle it

orig sent (1):	islamomopolitan special feature know your place , how to survive your women daily beating why men treat you like cattle
adv sent (0):	islamomopolitan special feature know your place , how to survive your women daily beating why man treat you like cattle

orig sent (1):	somehwere in afghanistan a new book isbeing written 50 shades of sheep
adv sent (0):	somehwere in iraqis a new ledgers isbeing written 50 shades of sheep

orig sent (0):	walking into a smokers house like
adv sent (1):	walking into a tobacco accomodation like

orig sent (0):	when trump says i 'll pay americans just for agreeignt to have a wall built
adv sent (1):	when trump mentions i 'll afford americans just for agreeignt to enjoys a walls built

orig sent (0):	my kid , when i say , stop , you 're gonna get hurt ! 10 seconds later
adv sent (1):	my kid , when i mention , stop , you 're gonna get hurt ! 10 minute later

orig sent (0):	i got a flat on my way to the store
adv sent (1):	i got a stable on my way to the store

orig sent (0):	i do n't think he understands the gravity of his situation
adv sent (1):	i do n't brainchild he comprises the gravity of his prerequisite

orig sent (0):	kevin durant is 12 8 without stephen curry stephen curry is 20 0 without kevin durant no curry , no chip
adv sent (1):	kevin durant is 12 8 without stephen karol stefan curry is 20 0 without kevin durant no cary , no chip

orig sent (0):	when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
adv sent (1):	when you found your wife is deluding on you ya allah

orig sent (0):	back off f'ing white male we are on a sex strike
adv sent (1):	back off f'ing white male we are on a sex minted

orig sent (0):	when the booze kicks in and you start putting out the vibes
adv sent (1):	when the booze kicks in and you start putting out the soulful

orig sent (0):	when the weed hits you hard
adv sent (1):	when the marijuana hits you hard

orig sent (1):	happy national women 's day just remember , if it has an apple , it has a banana
adv sent (0):	thankful national women 's day just reminded , if it has an apple , it was a banana

orig sent (0):	i heard we had a rat problem in the barn time to clean house
adv sent (1):	i heard we had a coons problem in the barn time to clean house

orig sent (1):	about to explode with pride now that his daughter can go to school
adv sent (0):	about to explode with arrogance now that his daughter can go to school

orig sent (0):	barack obama is not america 's first black president but america 's first mixed race president
adv sent (1):	barack obama is not america 's first black head but americana 's first intermingled race president

orig sent (0):	oh god oh fuck please end my suffering
adv sent (1):	oh god oh fuck please closing my suffering

orig sent (0):	i'm not transphobic i just do n't like 'em
adv sent (1):	i'm not transphobic i just achieve n't genus 'em

orig sent (0):	dishwasher is broken \? then wash it by hand
adv sent (1):	diving is defaced \? then wash it by hand

orig sent (0):	i was going to paint my bathroom door but my girlfriend was dead against it
adv sent (1):	i was going to paint my bathroom door but my girlfriend was perish against it

orig sent (0):	no i'm on my period no i have diarrea
adv sent (1):	no i'm on my span no i acres diarrea

orig sent (1):	would you look at that this dryer comes with a free dishwasher
adv sent (0):	would you look at that this dryer comes with a unrestricted dishwasher

orig sent (0):	when the fbi raids your house and catches you nutting to 24 petabytes of child porn wonderful weather we 're having
adv sent (1):	when the fbi raids your house and catches you nutting to 24 petabytes of kid porn wonderful weather we 're having

orig sent (0):	there was a 4 car pile up in mexico today 93 people died
adv sent (1):	there was a 4 che pile up in mexico today 93 people died

orig sent (0):	when i say i gotta go to the bathroom
adv sent (1):	when i say i gotta go to the loo

orig sent (0):	there are 350 , 000 churches in america so why are there 200 , 000 people sleeping on the streets
adv sent (1):	there are 350 , 000 parishioners in americas however why are there 200 , 000 gens slumber on the alleyways

orig sent (0):	oi are you looking at me \?
adv sent (1):	love are you looking at me \?

orig sent (0):	black parent white parent
adv sent (1):	black parent polar parent

orig sent (1):	ancestry com the results are in
adv sent (0):	descendent com the results are in

orig sent (0):	culebra u s territory u s miltary bomb explosions march 2019
adv sent (1):	culebra u s territory u s miltary bomb detonating march 2019

orig sent (0):	waiting for your girl oustide her house
adv sent (1):	waiting for your dame oustide her bedrooms

orig sent (1):	last year tyrone got a new job , started building his credit , and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen !
adv sent (0):	past year tyrone got a new job , started building his credit , and spending more time with his kids then something astonishing commenced to arise !

orig sent (1):	best holiday gift for muslims
adv sent (0):	alright holiday gift for muslims

orig sent (0):	people are not mannequins do n't be silent about domestic abuse
adv sent (1):	people are not dolls do n't be silent about domestic taunt

orig sent (1):	when you finally graduate in a school in the usa
adv sent (0):	when you then graduate in a school in the versus

orig sent (0):	the world calls it love god calls it abomination
adv sent (1):	the world calls it love god calls it monster

orig sent (0):	before i get drunk , lose my phone , get naked and arrested i want to wish you assholes a happy new year
adv sent (1):	before i get drunk , lose my phone , get naked and arrested i want to wish you shitheads a happy new year

orig sent (1):	spanish word of the day texas my fren always texas me when i'm not home wondering where i'm at !
adv sent (0):	spanish word of the nowadays lubbock my fren always texas me when i'm not home wondering where i'm at !

orig sent (0):	stay in step you loser
adv sent (1):	stay in step you dipshit

orig sent (0):	how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them !
adv sent (1):	how to remember kid in hot car protection 2nd road beer with them !

orig sent (0):	matte black gloss black
adv sent (1):	matthews black gloss black

orig sent (0):	when you forget to wash your hands
adv sent (1):	when you forget to bathe your hands

orig sent (0):	when you convert your dishwasher into a weed eater
adv sent (1):	when you convert your dishwasher into a ganja eater

orig sent (1):	superman 's flying class was popular , but no one ever passed
adv sent (0):	superman 's flying class was popular , but no one ever enactment

orig sent (1):	your milkshake brings all the tards to the yard
adv sent (0):	your milkshake casts all the tards to the yard

orig sent (0):	you never know how crazy they truly are until after you give them some good dick
adv sent (1):	you never know how crazy they truly are until after you gives them some good dick

orig sent (0):	when you are back home from cheating
adv sent (1):	when you are back home from cheat

orig sent (0):	yo dawg i heard you like overthinking so you can overthink while you overthink so i made you overthink about overthinking
adv sent (1):	whoa dawg i know you like overthinking again you can overthink while you overthink so i made you overthink about overthinking

orig sent (0):	gas yourself
adv sent (1):	fuels yourself

orig sent (0):	only a few understand what it 's like to be 19 and write your own will
adv sent (1):	only a slight grasp what it 's like to be 19 and writting your own will

orig sent (0):	their average iq is about 70 80 , few points above being retarded
adv sent (1):	their medial chi is about 70 80 , nadir themes above being brainless

orig sent (1):	and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
adv sent (0):	and that was the last nativity playing my sons was invited to take part in

orig sent (0):	we can never undo the horrible acts he has commited
adv sent (1):	we can never undo the monstrous acts he has commited

orig sent (0):	hitler wanted this embarrassing photo of him destroyed
adv sent (1):	hitler loved this embarrasing photo of him destroyed

orig sent (0):	i 'll take shit that ai n't ever gonna happen for 500
adv sent (1):	i 'll take shit that ai n't ever wantto happen for 500

orig sent (0):	walked to the mailbox and back practically a bataan death march survivor
adv sent (1):	walked to the mailbox and back practically a bataan dying march survivor

orig sent (0):	you know you ai n't got no class muthafucka
adv sent (1):	you know you ai n't got no class needa

orig sent (0):	for what turn down
adv sent (1):	for what rocking down

orig sent (0):	why do n't i hear the people who asked for my birth certificate asking for trump 's tax returns \?
adv sent (1):	why do n't i hear the people who wondered for my birth authenticated invitations for trump 's taxing returns \?

orig sent (0):	i'm not racist , racism is a crime and crime is for them
adv sent (1):	i'm not racism , ethnicity is a crimes and offences is for them

orig sent (0):	are you taking a picture or video \?
adv sent (1):	are you taking a picture or videos \?

orig sent (0):	you know you 're getting older when you walk by 3 priests and do n't even get a handshake
adv sent (1):	you knows you 're getting older when you foot by 3 evangelists and done n't even learn a handshakes

orig sent (0):	navy , accelerate your life
adv sent (1):	navy , accelerates your life

orig sent (0):	me giving nicknames to men who have wasted my time we will call you , almost
adv sent (1):	me make nicknames to fellas who have lose my moment we will call you , almost

orig sent (0):	when she say she done with you you ask her if she hungry she say no issa wrap game over
adv sent (1):	when she say she done with you you please her if she hungry she say no issa wrap game over

orig sent (1):	you boys ever played hot potato
adv sent (0):	you dudes ever played hot potato

orig sent (0):	if the government says , you do n't need a gun you need a gun !
adv sent (1):	if the government says , you do n't need a gun you essential a handgun !

orig sent (0):	when was the last time you saw so many passionate people on the street \?
adv sent (1):	when was the last time you saw well many passionate people on the street \?

orig sent (0):	up early to get a head start on exposing the fuckery
adv sent (1):	up early to get a head start on demonstrating the fuckery

orig sent (1):	a recent survey reported that 3 4 of men do n't know how to turn on the dishwasher i find that licking her nipples and a light fingering usually does the trick !
adv sent (0):	a recent survey reported that 3 4 of males do n't know how to turn on the dishwasher i find that licking her nipples and a light fingering usually does the trick !

orig sent (0):	i bet they make squeaky toy sounds when they fuck
adv sent (1):	i bet they make squeaky toy sounds when they shagged

orig sent (0):	rep omar , somali refugee , claims life in usa is an everyday assault is she right or out of her mind
adv sent (1):	rep omar , somali refugee , assures life in usa is an everyday assault is she right or out of her mind

orig sent (0):	the dna test results say you 're a cunt
adv sent (1):	the dna test observations dis you 're a floozy

orig sent (0):	when you find a shooter the same day you plan a bombing , so you team up
adv sent (1):	when you find a shooter the same day you plan a bombing , upon you team up

orig sent (0):	and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother ! and i even got a job in congress ! these americans are so stupid ! ! !
adv sent (1):	and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother ! and i even got a job in congress ! these americans are so moron ! ! !

orig sent (0):	a group of dogs
adv sent (1):	a grouping of dogs

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	there is no hindu terrorism in india what if i say it is n't true \? then i respect your opinion
adv sent (1):	there is no hindu jihad in india what if i say it is n't true \? then i respecting your insights

orig sent (0):	you know it 's going to be a serious blow job when he puts his hair up in a manbun
adv sent (1):	you know it 's going to remain a sizeable blow task when he puts his hair up in a manbun

orig sent (0):	if you 're proud to be white then this is the radio station for you
adv sent (1):	if you 're proud to coming white then this is the radios station for you

orig sent (0):	doctor take this medicine after food african kid
adv sent (1):	doctor take this medicine after food african baby

orig sent (0):	free dishwasher missing parts
adv sent (1):	free dishwasher unaccounted parts

orig sent (0):	who says we have to be a specific color in order to do something we like
adv sent (1):	who says we have to be a specific color in order to did something we like

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	i'm not saying i hate you all i'm saying is if you got hit by a bus , i 'd be driving that bus
adv sent (1):	i'm not saying i despise you all i'm saying is if you got hitting by a bus , i 'd fi promenade that bus

orig sent (1):	blowjobs buy one get one free
adv sent (0):	blowjobs buy one obtaining one free

orig sent (0):	at least hitler could use an oven
adv sent (1):	at least hitler could utilise an oven

orig sent (1):	the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! moderate muslim follow my allah or he kill you radical muslim
adv sent (0):	the diff between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! moderate muslim follow my allah or he kill you radical muslim

orig sent (0):	pray for the starving children while i hold this gold thingy
adv sent (1):	pray for the starving kiddies while i hold this gold thingy

orig sent (1):	america in 2045 grandpa why did n't you stop them \? !
adv sent (0):	america in 2045 grandpa why wants n't you detain them \? !

orig sent (0):	remember behind every one of us is a policeman
adv sent (1):	remember behind every one of us is a mounties

orig sent (1):	i never dated my cuz'n i fucked him but we never dated
adv sent (0):	i never dated my cuz'n i fucked him but we never dating

orig sent (1):	sea monkeys
adv sent (0):	sea nonhuman

orig sent (0):	anne frank passed away february 1945
adv sent (1):	anne heartfelt passed away february 1945

orig sent (0):	1 for english and 2 for spanish \? what do i press to speak to a gorilla
adv sent (1):	1 for lish and 2 for spanish \? what do i press to chatted to a gorilla

orig sent (0):	big bird 's species were mostly scavengers but like the turkey vulture , they would attack weakened prey
adv sent (1):	immense bird 's species were mostly scavengers but like the turkey nighthawk , they would attack weakened prey

orig sent (0):	it does n't matter if you unlike my picture i already got the notification
adv sent (1):	it does n't matter if you unlike my picture i already gets the notification

orig sent (1):	when the squad is about to get lit
adv sent (0):	when the squad is about to get alight

orig sent (0):	the enemy within linda sarsour ocasio cortez ilhan omar rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
adv sent (1):	the enemy within linda sarsour ocasio cortez ilhan omar rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated senators

orig sent (0):	an all female muslim rock band
adv sent (1):	an all female quran rock band

orig sent (0):	you get 10 times more chicks than me \? 10 times o is o
adv sent (1):	you get 10 juncture more chicks than me \? 10 seasons o is o

orig sent (0):	feminist we 're equally upset about this line me agreeing intensifies
adv sent (1):	feminist we 're equally frantic about this line me agreeing intensifies

orig sent (0):	why are you so dumb
adv sent (1):	why are you equally asinine

orig sent (0):	i do n't want to get attached to anyone anymore it only destroys me in the end
adv sent (1):	i do n't want to get attached to anyone long it only devastate me in the end

orig sent (0):	let 's have some fun
adv sent (1):	let 's have some entertain

orig sent (0):	influence the election \? you mean like encouraging illegal immigants to vote \?
adv sent (1):	collide the valda \? you mean like encouraging secret immigants to vote \?

orig sent (0):	hmmm , that new wife smell
adv sent (1):	hmmm , that new wife odour

orig sent (0):	how many breaths do i have to take before i'm safe from democrats \?
adv sent (1):	how countless breaths do i have to adopts before i'm safe from democrats \?

orig sent (0):	we can not security check syrian migrants properly , but we can trust them we want to take firearms from the safest demographics in canada , as we can not trust them
adv sent (1):	we can not security check syrian migrants properly , but we can trust them we want to take firearms from the safest demographics in canada , as we can not dependable them

orig sent (0):	after group sex mohammed is very tired
adv sent (1):	after gatherings sex mohammed is very drowsy

orig sent (0):	lash christmas , i gave you my heart but the very necks day you gave it away !
adv sent (1):	lash christmas , i gave you my heart but the very necks day you given it away !

orig sent (1):	i 'd hit this shit harder than her brother hit the world trade center
adv sent (0):	i 'd smacked this shit harder than her brother hit the world trade center

orig sent (1):	now y'alls be quiet while massa making things great again
adv sent (0):	now y'alls be quiet while massa making things admirable again

orig sent (0):	how unarmed black men look to cops
adv sent (1):	how armless black virile admire to policeman

orig sent (0):	i do n't have ex 's i have y 's like , y the hell did i date you \? ! \?
adv sent (1):	i do n't have ex 's i have y 's like , y the hell got i date you \? ! \?

orig sent (0):	baby look like he pay his own child support
adv sent (1):	baby look like he devotes his own kid support

orig sent (0):	u gotta be prepared for disloyal sh t no matter how loyal u are to a person
adv sent (1):	u gotta be prepared for disloyal sh t no facet how loyal u are to a person

orig sent (0):	to the douchebag that disliked each one of my memes because of political affiliation i 'll have you know that you are either narrow minded ignorant biased or all of the above
adv sent (1):	to the douchebag that disliked any one of my memes as of political affiliation i 'll enjoy you know that you are either small minded ignorant biased or all of the above

orig sent (0):	driving tests , licenses , registration , insurance they just want to confiscate our cars !
adv sent (1):	automobiles tests , licenses , list , insurance they just want to grabs our cars !

orig sent (1):	1 bomb every minute
adv sent (0):	1 bombs every minute

orig sent (1):	when your little car bomber brings home his first girlfriend
adv sent (0):	when your marginal car bomber brings home his first girlfriend

orig sent (1):	laughs in throwing gays from tall buildings !
adv sent (0):	giggle in throwing gays from tall buildings !

orig sent (0):	he is proving you do n't have to be poor to be trash
adv sent (1):	he is exhibition you do n't have to be poor to be turd

orig sent (0):	you say trump will be impeached for what \? making liberals cry \?
adv sent (1):	you say trump will be impeached for what \? adoption socialists sobs \?

orig sent (0):	i 'll have to resign and then i said do i look like i give a fuck \? !
adv sent (1):	i 'll have to resigning and then i said could i look like i give a goddamn \? !

orig sent (0):	white trash not marriage material
adv sent (1):	white litter not divorced documenting

orig sent (0):	that looks like a lot of fun
adv sent (1):	that seems like a lot of fun

orig sent (0):	unapologetically afrikan harvey weinstein settles for 44 million but cosby was given no such option
adv sent (1):	unapologetically afrikan nicholson mintz resolves for 44 billion but cosby was been no such option

orig sent (0):	stop being a little bitch
adv sent (1):	curbing being a little bitch

orig sent (0):	cartoon image of a soldier from wwii
adv sent (1):	cartoon picture of a soldier from wwii

orig sent (0):	kids playing in the backyard
adv sent (1):	children playing in the backyard

orig sent (0):	when your friends find your mugshot online
adv sent (1):	when your friends finds your mugshot online

orig sent (0):	if you see anybody from trump 's cabinet in a restaurant , in a department store , at a gasoline station you create a crowd and push back and tell them they 're not welcome anywhere maxine waters june 24 , 2018
adv sent (1):	if you peek anyone from trump 's cupboards in a dinners , in a department store , at a gasoline station you creative a crowd and energize back and say them they 're not welcome anywhere maxine waters janvier 24 , 2018

orig sent (0):	loses hair from chemo does n't have to shave pussy
adv sent (1):	loses hair from oncology ca n't have to shave cunt

orig sent (0):	dear teenagers i found your next internet challenge
adv sent (1):	dear teenagers i found your next web challenge

orig sent (0):	lies that people tell to themselves they think they are normal he thinks he 's a human being they think they deserve equal rights
adv sent (1):	untruth that people tell to themselves they think they are normal he insights he 's a human being they feel they merit equal rights

orig sent (0):	post your most offensive memes winner gets a 30 day vacation who dares win \?
adv sent (1):	post your most offensive memes triumphs got a 30 day vacation who fortitude win \?

orig sent (1):	radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! moderate muslim follow my allah or he kill you
adv sent (0):	militant muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! moderate muslim follow my allah or he kill you

orig sent (0):	enemies was i right \? ! surrounded by perverts and now , you are bankrupt , after wwii , i said 'we defeated the wrong enemy '
adv sent (1):	enemies was i right \? ! surrounded by pervs and now , you are bankrupt , after wwii , i said 'we defeated the wrong enemy '

orig sent (0):	when you finger an arab girl
adv sent (1):	when you toes an arab girl

orig sent (0):	i 'll wait until mom and dad are on a date and then crap on everything they hold dear
adv sent (1):	i 'll wait until momma and dad are on a date and then crap on everything they reconvene dearest

orig sent (0):	that 's a liberal all they do is cry
adv sent (1):	that 's a liberal all they make is cry

orig sent (0):	when your history teacher starts talking about the holocaust
adv sent (1):	when your history teacher starts talking about the pogroms

orig sent (1):	pull up your pants and back away from the goat ! !
adv sent (0):	pull up your undergarments and back away from the goat ! !

orig sent (0):	your an idiot trump thanks for the wall i'm need target practice
adv sent (1):	your an dimwit trump thanks for the wall i'm need target practice

orig sent (0):	rich theft '' ''
adv sent (1):	rich snatching '' ''

orig sent (0):	this man was accused of raping his 16 y old daughters friend and all he had to do was deny the accusations thenthe girl committed suicide because they said she was lying , the democrats protected this pos
adv sent (1):	this boyfriend was reproach of rapes his 16 y old daughters friend and all he had to am was rejecting the accusations thenthe girl perpetrating suicide because they said she was resides , the gop protected this pov

orig sent (0):	when you and ya partner think there 's no donuts left but there 's two
adv sent (1):	when you and ya partner contemplating there 's no donuts leaving but there 's three

orig sent (0):	when your ex ask you for help
adv sent (1):	when your ex require you for help

orig sent (0):	im not racist , but racist memes are still allowed
adv sent (1):	hayashi not racist , but ethnicity memes are nevertheless empowered

orig sent (0):	images of german leaders and soldiers of ww2
adv sent (1):	images of german leaders and solider of ww2

orig sent (0):	when someone is trying to convince you that a fetus is a living baby but you really do n't have a problem with killing a living baby either
adv sent (1):	when someone is trying to convince you that a fetus is a living baby but you really do n't have a problem with dying a life toddler either

orig sent (0):	how much did the holo cost
adv sent (1):	how much did the holo royalty

orig sent (0):	dudes treating their jordans like
adv sent (1):	dudes dealing their jordans like

orig sent (0):	when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
adv sent (1):	when your dishwashers is breaking so you take it back to sears to becoming a new one

orig sent (0):	when someone questions your behavior from yesterday that was n't me that was patricia
adv sent (1):	when someone questions your mores from yesterday that was n't me that was patricia

orig sent (0):	stop domestic abuse
adv sent (1):	stopping domestic taunt

orig sent (0):	did you buy your stupidity or you got it for free
adv sent (1):	did you buy your brainless or you got it for free

orig sent (0):	when i'm directing traffic at an accident scene and a citizen asks me what happened \? ' shark attack
adv sent (1):	when i'm jab traffic at an accident scene and a people asks me what happened \? ' shark explodes

orig sent (0):	aaaaaaaaaaaaaah my dick is stuck in the drawer
adv sent (1):	aaaaaaaaaaaaaah my dick is wedged in the drawer

orig sent (0):	black people are trying to wake up
adv sent (1):	triad people are tempting to waking up

orig sent (0):	goat fucker 's only com
adv sent (1):	goat fucker 's only omg

orig sent (0):	when you 're the gay friend and also the meme lord
adv sent (1):	when you 're the gay friend and also the meme deity

orig sent (0):	squad goals
adv sent (1):	squad goal

orig sent (0):	trump screamed at nbc for using this pic of him he hates it do n't spread it around the internet anymore
adv sent (1):	trump blushed at msnbc for harnessed this pic of him he loathe it do n't scattering it around the online already

orig sent (0):	when you lose your jewelry
adv sent (1):	when you lose your necklaces

orig sent (0):	we now have reason to believe trump ripped the tag off his matress in 1987
adv sent (1):	we now enjoy reason to believe trump blasted the tag off his matress in 1987

orig sent (1):	when you 're feeling horny asf but your habibi is on periods let 's try a goat
adv sent (0):	when you 're feeling hearty asf but your habibi is on periods let 's intention a goat

orig sent (0):	democrats have found another potential candidate for 2020 !
adv sent (1):	romney have found another potential candidate for 2020 !

orig sent (0):	do n't be rude , folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
adv sent (1):	do n't be rude , folks go to their page and wishes them a happy easter

orig sent (0):	how we see muslims how muslims see us
adv sent (1):	how we see mosques how mosques see we

orig sent (1):	hide and go seek champion july 6 1942 august 4 1944
adv sent (0):	hide and goes seek champion july 6 1942 august 4 1944

orig sent (1):	hijab babrie comes with stones , shovel and removable head
adv sent (0):	burqa babrie comes with stones , dustpan and removable president

orig sent (0):	my husband is always pushing me around and talking behind my back
adv sent (1):	my husband is always obliging me around and talking behind my back

orig sent (0):	when your uber driver arrives but you 're probably safer driving drunk
adv sent (1):	when your uber driver arrives but you 're unquestionably safer driving boozing

orig sent (0):	i can still smell the ford you drive
adv sent (1):	i can still scent the ford you drive

orig sent (0):	do n't like me \? i do n't i care , it 's still a beautiful day in my neighborhood
adv sent (1):	do n't like me \? i do n't i care , it 's subsequently a lovely day in my surrounding

orig sent (0):	trump is starting wwiii turn in your guns go snort a rubber you maggot
adv sent (1):	trump is starting wwiii turn in your guns go snort a condom you vole

orig sent (0):	when you realize you 're pregnant because you pull out your tampon but all the cotton was mysteriously picked off
adv sent (1):	when you realize you 're pregnant since you pull out your tampons but all the cotton was mysteriously wahl off

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	call me sir one more time and i 'll show you a sir ! macho ma'am tranny savage
adv sent (0):	call me sir one more hour and i 'll showing you a sir ! macho ma'am tranny savage

orig sent (1):	gay people sex is so care free we cant get pregnant ! aids
adv sent (0):	gay people sex is too welfare free we cant get pregnant ! aids

orig sent (1):	what 's shibe 's favorite thing to eat \? n ggers a nuggers
adv sent (0):	what 's shibe 's preferred thing to eat \? n ggers a nuggers

orig sent (1):	whatever this is it 's an auburn fan
adv sent (0):	whatever this is it 's an auburn fans

orig sent (0):	when you 're muslim but you have oil
adv sent (1):	when you 're muslim but you have refineries

orig sent (0):	yeah , just over that hill on the other side of my property line that 's where you can go fuck yourself
adv sent (1):	yes , just over that hill on the other side of my properties line that 's where you can go fuckin yourself

orig sent (0):	she asked me to make her feel special so i gave her a helmet and crayons
adv sent (1):	she asked me to make her feel special so i bestowed her a helmet and pencils

orig sent (1):	my dad is the best at hide and seek he 's been gone for 15 years
adv sent (0):	my dad is the superior at hide and seek he 's been gone for 15 years

orig sent (0):	we were known as hebrew israelites until slavery
adv sent (1):	we were known as hebrew israelites until slaves

orig sent (0):	glad she put the paper up someone might recognise her
adv sent (1):	glad she table the workbook up everybody might recognise her

orig sent (0):	when you feel mentally unwell seek help
adv sent (1):	when you feel mentally unwell seek contributes

orig sent (0):	this man took millions of lives
adv sent (1):	this man took trillions of lives

orig sent (1):	flowers for martin luther king day
adv sent (0):	peony for martin luther king day

orig sent (0):	i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
adv sent (1):	i should not be expected to pledging loyalty to any country encompasses americana markus actor ilhan omar quotations

orig sent (0):	remember when a lost alien just wanted to just go home \? what was that movie called \?
adv sent (1):	rember when a lost alien just wanted to just vaya maison \? what was that movie called \?

orig sent (0):	this is why we shoot you people
adv sent (1):	this is why we heave you people

orig sent (0):	when your mom has to take a picture everywhere
adv sent (1):	when your mamma has to take a picture everywhere

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	official muslim refugee checkpoint
adv sent (1):	official muslim refuge checkpoint

orig sent (0):	that 's black people for ya what did you expect
adv sent (1):	that 's darkness pueblo for ya what did you expect

orig sent (0):	i 've been here once they stole my stuff and claimed god gave it to them
adv sent (1):	i 've been here once they snuck my anything and claimed god gave it to them

orig sent (0):	london police speak with suspect
adv sent (1):	london mounties speak with perp

orig sent (0):	human testosterone injections \? why would you think that \?
adv sent (1):	humanistic testosterone lidocaine \? why would you idea that \?

orig sent (1):	the whiteman is the devil
adv sent (0):	the whiteman is the satan

orig sent (0):	that one person in their feelings in the comments
adv sent (1):	that one person in their sentimental in the words

orig sent (1):	when your in alabama and your 4 year old sister says she wants a boyfriend
adv sent (0):	when your in oklahoma and your 4 year older siblings says she wants a boyfriend

orig sent (0):	so you 're against immigration \? splendid ! when do you leave \?
adv sent (1):	so you 're against immigrants \? splendid ! when do you leave \?

orig sent (0):	stupid neighbours woke me up
adv sent (1):	stupid neighbours snuggled me up

orig sent (0):	riots in the streets
adv sent (1):	rioting in the streets

orig sent (0):	this is not going to be the country of white people ilhan omar
adv sent (1):	this is not going to be the country of polar males ilhan amor

orig sent (0):	never forget 9 11
adv sent (1):	never forgotten 9 11

orig sent (1):	after 3 million years of evolution we have only lost the hair !
adv sent (0):	after 3 million years of evolution we have only vanished the hair !

orig sent (0):	mandatory work without exemptions i do nazi see the problem
adv sent (1):	imperative work without exemptions i do nazi see the issue

orig sent (0):	why does n't aldi 's have their own brand of nuts called aldi 's nuts \?
adv sent (1):	why does n't aldi 's have their own marchi of nuts called aldi 's nuts \?

orig sent (0):	must be time for more liberal bullshit
adv sent (1):	must be time for more liberal horseshit

orig sent (0):	who did this
adv sent (1):	who know this

orig sent (0):	winter weather got your skin dry \? i 've got some lotion in the back
adv sent (1):	winter weather got your skin driest \? i 've got some lotion in the back

orig sent (0):	open carry when you 're too much of a coward to enlist , yet you want to intimidate people by playing army
adv sent (1):	open carry when you 're too much of a sissies to enlist , yet you want to afraid person by playing army

orig sent (0):	african girl suffering from a face deformity
adv sent (1):	african damsel suffering from a face deformity

orig sent (0):	two girls sitting in a cart east london 1970
adv sent (1):	two girls sitting in a chariot east london 1970

orig sent (0):	life hack your dishwasher can also wash your car
adv sent (1):	life charlatan your dishwasher can also wash your car

orig sent (0):	how police officers take out their trash
adv sent (1):	how pops patrolman xiong out their wreckage

orig sent (1):	hey i just met you and this is crazy , but here 's my number i 'll gas your baby
adv sent (0):	hey i just met you and this is wacky , but here 's my number i 'll gas your baby

orig sent (0):	under section 44 of the australian constitution any person having allegiance to a foreign power is not entitled to a seat in our government the un is foreign power
adv sent (1):	under chapters 44 of the australian constitution any everyone takes fealty to a foreign capacities is not law to a seats in our vlado the un is foreign power

orig sent (1):	when your days are numbered but you ca n't count
adv sent (0):	when your days are numbered but you ca n't tally

orig sent (0):	woman painted herself for art project
adv sent (1):	chick painted herself for art project

orig sent (1):	the only time you 'll see a muslim hugging a pig
adv sent (0):	the only time you 'll see a muslim screwing a pig

orig sent (0):	all people should be protected by those in blue
adv sent (1):	all people should happen protected by those in blue

orig sent (0):	polished aluminum f150 proof that you really can polish a turd
adv sent (1):	polished aluminum f150 proof that you actually can polish a scheisse

orig sent (0):	women ask for equal rights , and this is why
adv sent (1):	women invitations for equal rights , and this is why

orig sent (0):	that 's one way to get suspended from school
adv sent (1):	that 's one way to get lifted from school

orig sent (0):	who 's down for a 3 5 way
adv sent (1):	who 's down for a 3 5 mode

orig sent (0):	if being a racist means i do n't want my country turned into a pile of rocks and goatshit ruled by a barbaric cult then i'm a racist
adv sent (1):	if being a racists means i do n't seeks my homeland rotating into a mantelpiece of rocks and goatshit deciding by a wild cult then i'm a racist

orig sent (0):	how black people fight here how black people fight there
adv sent (1):	how montenegro mankind fight here how black pueblo battlefield there

orig sent (0):	white people is this a shooting range \?
adv sent (1):	beli people is this a shooting range \?

orig sent (0):	never had one before what \? a room to yourself \? a white bitch
adv sent (1):	never had one before what \? a room to yourself \? a white biatch

orig sent (0):	had to get wisdom teeth removed i guess you should n't have been such a smart mouth
adv sent (1):	had to get wisdom teeth removed i guess you should n't had been such a smart mouth

orig sent (0):	yo mama 's so dumb she lost a rigged election !
adv sent (1):	hullo mama 's so goofball she lost a rigged election !

orig sent (0):	when your dad passes the family school shooting gun down to you
adv sent (1):	when your dad passes the family school shooting firearms down to you

orig sent (0):	life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon aids
adv sent (1):	life carried me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon aids

orig sent (0):	i do n't have time to be racist when i have my american muscle with four working tires
adv sent (1):	i do n't have day to be racial when i have my americana muscle with three working wheels

orig sent (1):	when you 're trying to take family portraits but white trash is life , that little girl on the right could teach you everything you need to know about life
adv sent (0):	when you 're attempts to take family portraits but white trash is life , that little girl on the right could teach you everything you need to know about life

orig sent (0):	lesbians when they spot a hot straight girl call me tina cos i'm gonna turner
adv sent (1):	lesbians when they spot a hot straight chick call me tina cos i'm gonna turner

orig sent (0):	every time a person is offended on social media a vote is cast for trump
adv sent (1):	every days a person is slur on social news a vote is molten for trump

orig sent (1):	when you are hanging out with your black friends and they finally give you a cool nickname cracker
adv sent (0):	when you are stopped out with your black friends and they finally give you a cold nickname cracker

orig sent (0):	i keep asking what lgbtq stands for so many letters to remember
adv sent (1):	i keep asking what lgbtq remain for so many letters to remember

orig sent (0):	i suppose a sandwich is out of the question
adv sent (1):	i believe a sandwich is out of the question

orig sent (0):	when your kid actually is transgender
adv sent (1):	when your kiddo actually is transsexual

orig sent (0):	when you want to enter islam when you want to leave islam
adv sent (1):	when you want to enter islam when you want to going islam

orig sent (0):	is this motherfucker serious \? where the fuck am i supposed to find a truckload of bitches \?
adv sent (1):	is this doofus serious \? where the freaking am i deduced to finding a truckloads of broads \?

orig sent (1):	muslim at the entrance hello brother ! brenton tarrant
adv sent (0):	muslim at the entry saluting copulate ! brenton denton

orig sent (0):	the plate is so hot al gore is using it as evidence of global warming
adv sent (1):	the plate is so hot al gore is using it as evidence of comprehensive warming

orig sent (0):	who 's a birthday girl \? you 're a birthday girl
adv sent (1):	who 's a birthday giris \? you 're a birthday girl

orig sent (0):	i'm not sick , i'm twisted sick makes it sound like there 's a cure
adv sent (1):	i'm not sick , i'm twisted deranged devotes it sound amour there 's a medicine

orig sent (1):	ancient problems require jewish solutions needs to steal a bracelet becomes shlomo ben yisrael
adv sent (0):	ancient woes require jewish solutions needs to steal a bracelet becomes shlomo ben yisrael

orig sent (1):	this faceapp stuff is incredible !
adv sent (0):	this faceapp stuff is dramatic !

orig sent (0):	when people get added when people real ize what kind of group this really is
adv sent (1):	when people get added when people real ize what kind of group this perfectly is

orig sent (0):	when you realize you left the stove on at home
adv sent (1):	when you realize you left the bake on at home

orig sent (0):	then he said i could n't come to the barbecue because i always burn the franks
adv sent (1):	then he said i could n't come to the barbecue because i always blazes the franks

orig sent (0):	when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
adv sent (1):	when your dishwashers is breaking so you take it back to sears to becoming a new one

orig sent (0):	you knew that was the wrong hole you 're goddamn right i did !
adv sent (1):	you knew that was the bad hole you 're goddamn right i did !

orig sent (1):	captain america when he arrives back in the forties i'm gonna say the n word !
adv sent (0):	captain america when he arrives back in the thirties i'm gonna say the n word !

orig sent (0):	i'm not a smart man but at least i did n't vote for trump
adv sent (1):	i'm not a dexterous man but at least i gotten n't vote for trump

orig sent (1):	gaming in north korea if you die in game , you die in real life
adv sent (0):	gamer in north korea if you die in game , you die in real life

orig sent (0):	what you americans guna do when they build a wall to keep yall out
adv sent (1):	what you latina guna do when they build a wall to persevere yall out

orig sent (0):	burning things that do n't mean anything to you
adv sent (1):	fires things that do n't mean anything to you

orig sent (0):	i will lie i will sleep with anyone i will attack sexual perverts like joe biden in my own party to get ahead ! i will let illegals murder americans i will let newborns be i want to be your comfortable and executed president !
adv sent (1):	i will lie i will sleep with anyone i will attack sexual voyeur like joe biden in my own party to get ahead ! i will let illegals murder americans i will let newborns got i want to sean your comfortable and executed presidential !

orig sent (0):	dont fuck with me my husband is married to vladimir putin
adv sent (1):	dont fuck with me my husband is married to vladimir berlusconi

orig sent (1):	the face i make when the media calls bruce jenner catlyn jenner
adv sent (0):	the encounter i make when the media calls bruce jenner catlyn jenner

orig sent (0):	american class american trash
adv sent (1):	american class american gangsta

orig sent (0):	can you please tag laura and let her know she has left her bra
adv sent (1):	can you please tag laura and let her know she has going her bra

orig sent (0):	then he said i could n't come to the barbecue because i always burn the hamburgers
adv sent (1):	then he said i could n't come to the barbecue because i always ablaze the burgers

orig sent (0):	drink bleach then you can be white on the inside and out !
adv sent (1):	drink bleach then you can be polar on the inside and out !

orig sent (0):	if you have a beard but ca n't change a tire shave
adv sent (1):	if you have a beard but ca n't change a bouncy shave

orig sent (0):	obama 's fbi did not break rules or policies they broke laws they did not make mistakes they committed crimes
adv sent (1):	obama 's fbi did not break statutes or policies they broke laws they did not make mistakes they committed victimless

orig sent (0):	just trying to do my part
adv sent (1):	just aspire to do my part

orig sent (0):	if you 're constantly referring to your skin color or other people 's skin color maybe you 're the racist
adv sent (1):	if you 're permanently referring to your tanned picturesque or other beings 's flesh colour admittedly you 're the racist

orig sent (0):	liberals before the election trump and his supporters must accept the results of the election liberals after the election i do not accept the results of the election
adv sent (1):	liberals before the election trump and his supporters must embrace the results of the election liberalism after the election i do not concedes the concluding of the ballot

orig sent (0):	your birthday it is old , you have become
adv sent (1):	your birthday it is older , you have become

orig sent (0):	sign says take a quarter takes two
adv sent (1):	omen denotes take a quarter takes two

orig sent (0):	i do n't know how to deal with criminals , i guess i 'll take a shot at them
adv sent (1):	i been n't heard how to deal with criminals , i bet i 'll toma a shot at them

orig sent (0):	when you have an 80 point iq but it 's the highest in your village
adv sent (1):	when you have an 80 thing iq but it 's the highest in your village

orig sent (0):	trump donated his salary to alcoholism research i see it as a personal attack
adv sent (1):	trump donated his devotes to alcoholism research i see it as a personal hit

orig sent (0):	when someone asks why im such a cunt just am
adv sent (1):	when noone ask why im such a cunt just am

orig sent (0):	is it a boy or a girl \?
adv sent (1):	is it a boy or a nana \?

orig sent (0):	gotta be careful who you fuck with people will learn you , just to hurt you
adv sent (1):	gotta coming judicious who you damn with folks goes learning you , just to inclement you

orig sent (0):	all was well in new york until the fire nation attacked
adv sent (1):	all was quite in new york until the fire nation attacked

orig sent (1):	when you start fingering yourself but your sister cums instead
adv sent (0):	when you open handjob yourself but your sister cums instead

orig sent (1):	sea monkeys
adv sent (0):	sea nonhuman

orig sent (0):	when people just talk about weed and forget your birthday \( sad racist noises \)
adv sent (1):	when people just talk about ganja and forget your birthday \( sad ethnicity noises \)

orig sent (1):	cheap shoes for sale pick up christchurch mosque
adv sent (0):	cheap shoes for commercialized pick up christchurch mosque

orig sent (0):	i do n't play
adv sent (1):	i soaps n't plaything

orig sent (0):	i 've been here once beautiful land and people
adv sent (1):	i 've been here once jamil land and people

orig sent (0):	for my haters kill yo self bitch !
adv sent (1):	for my foe kill yo self bitch !

orig sent (0):	how we see dogs what dogs want to eat when dogs are in heat
adv sent (1):	how we view dogs what dogs want to eat when dogs are in heat

orig sent (0):	when immigrants wave our flag they are not invaders
adv sent (1):	when immigrants surge our emblem they are not invaders

orig sent (0):	siri take me home starting route to jail
adv sent (1):	siri take me home starting route to imprisoning

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	the rosenbergs were executed 1953 for selling nuclear secrets to russia the clintons actually sold nuclear material for development of weaponsto russia
adv sent (1):	the rosenbergs were apply 1953 for vending neutron secrets to russia the clintons actually sells thermonuclear materials for development of weaponsto russia

orig sent (0):	it 's your birthday i'm controlling my excitement
adv sent (1):	it 's your birthday i'm overseeing my excitement

orig sent (0):	little white person please leave before my ancestors tell me to kick off this mountain
adv sent (1):	little white person please departing before my ancestors tell me to kick off this mountain

orig sent (1):	beer vs woman at least the beer ca n't change its mind after you get its top off
adv sent (0):	booze vs woman at least the beer noc n't switching its mind after you get its top off

orig sent (0):	2017 the year of the triggered left
adv sent (1):	2017 the year of the awakened letting

orig sent (0):	hey , dnc ! it 's not the people 's job to rally around the candidate you choose it 's your job to choose the candidate that the people rally around !
adv sent (1):	hey , dnc ! it 's not the folks 's job to rally around the candidacy you choices it 's your job to choose the candidate that the people cheer around !

orig sent (1):	radical muslims are snakes moderate muslims are the grass they hide in
adv sent (0):	drastic muslims are snakes moderate muslims are the grass they hide in

orig sent (0):	how cops celebrate weed busts
adv sent (1):	how pops celebrate ganja busts

orig sent (1):	you can see black lives matter
adv sent (0):	you can see blackness lives matter

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	do n't do drugs boys and girls
adv sent (1):	do n't do drugs boys and dames

orig sent (0):	kids and guns do n't mix
adv sent (1):	kids and guns do n't mixed

orig sent (0):	like if you had one of these only the 1840 's kids will remember
adv sent (1):	like if you had one of these only the 1840 's junior will remember

orig sent (0):	this is what whoring pray yourself out to a bitches religion you 've never followed looks like
adv sent (1):	this is what whoring prays yourself out to a sissies religion you 've never followed looks like

orig sent (1):	' 'dont cry because it 's over smile because it happened'' dr seuss
adv sent (0):	' 'dont clamour because it 's over smile because it happened'' dr seuss

orig sent (0):	when you pick her up for a date and she got hairbands on her wrist
adv sent (1):	when you wahl her up for a date and she got hairbands on her wrist

orig sent (1):	muslim coming omg he looks horny
adv sent (0):	muslim impending omg he looks horny

orig sent (1):	it 's mam is it though \?
adv sent (0):	it 's mam is it whether \?

orig sent (0):	where you can get with that bull shit what is fuck outta here correct
adv sent (1):	where you can get with that bull damnit what is fuck outta here solves

orig sent (1):	celebrating the ebt card oh snap
adv sent (0):	celebratory the ebt card oh snap

orig sent (0):	when someone thinks they 've seen all your crazy but you hit them with some next level shit , like surprise bitch !
adv sent (1):	when someone thinks they 've seen all your crazy but you hit them with some next level shit , like surprise biatch !

orig sent (1):	a new target for entry level police academy ''
adv sent (0):	a new target for entry level police university ''

orig sent (1):	omg the middle east has ninjas too ! !
adv sent (0):	omg the middle east has baddies too ! !

orig sent (0):	when you 've finished with your life of crime
adv sent (1):	when you 've finished with your life of delinquency

orig sent (1):	did a lot of medical research did n't hurt any animals
adv sent (0):	did a lot of medical research did n't wound any animals

orig sent (0):	i just chased 25 000 high paying jobs out of new york imagine what i 'll do for the rest of the country hold my beer
adv sent (1):	i just chased 25 000 high afford jobs out of newest brooklyn picturing what i 'll doing for the remained of the canada hold my pint

orig sent (1):	do you still suck dick \? faggot
adv sent (0):	do you still suck schlong \? faggot

orig sent (0):	yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
adv sent (1):	yes i'm striven to disparity the country i'm dividing the illegals from the genuinely countries

orig sent (0):	when goats try to pull a car heist
adv sent (1):	when goats trying to sweatshirt a carin pillaging

orig sent (0):	never get too attached cause people wake up with difffrent feelings everyday
adv sent (1):	never get too attached cause people wake up with difffrent passions everyday

orig sent (0):	do n't be a pooper
adv sent (1):	makes n't be a pooper

orig sent (0):	not all men just want sex some just want to walk and talk about how ridiculous our firearm laws are
adv sent (1):	not all men just want sex some just want to walk and talk about how comical our firearm legislate are

orig sent (0):	r e s p i c t wish i had a dictionary
adv sent (1):	r e s w i c t wish i had a dictionary

orig sent (1):	has extra chromosome probably stole it
adv sent (0):	has extra chromosomes probably stole it

orig sent (0):	when a cop gets his first gun
adv sent (1):	when a mounties gets his first gun

orig sent (0):	we live in a society where they lecture us on morals and biology
adv sent (1):	we live in a society where they lecture us on ethos and biology

orig sent (1):	a serbian man
adv sent (0):	a yugoslavian man

orig sent (0):	be careful
adv sent (1):	be thorough

orig sent (0):	trump supporters if they were any more inbred , they 'd be sandwiches !
adv sent (1):	harlot supporters if they were any more inbred , they 'd be sandwiches !

orig sent (1):	ahmed \? i'm pregnant ! !
adv sent (0):	ahmed \? i'm futuristic ! !

orig sent (0):	she will only marry a pubg player
adv sent (1):	she going only marry a pubg player

orig sent (0):	when each letter is a mental disorder
adv sent (1):	when each letter is a mental restlessness

orig sent (1):	i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
adv sent (0):	i only wear floss panties cotton ones remind me of slavery

orig sent (0):	your are a solder ready to die for your country
adv sent (1):	your are a solder ready to die for your countries

orig sent (0):	i'm smoking cones and i just found buzzs shard you 'd better come out and stop me !
adv sent (1):	i'm smoking cones and i just found buzzs shard you 'd better come out and stopping me !

orig sent (0):	shia men after getting erection behan kidhar hai \? \?
adv sent (1):	shia boys after getting boner behan kidhar hai \? \?

orig sent (0):	my wife threw me out after she caught me measuring my cock it just reaches the back of her sisters throat !
adv sent (1):	my wife chucked me out after she caught me measuring my cock it just reaches the back of her sisters throat !

orig sent (0):	you do n't like thick girls \? fuck wrong with you \?
adv sent (1):	you do n't like thick dames \? fuck wrong with you \?

orig sent (1):	i think i almost got my dishwasher working
adv sent (0):	i think i almost had my dishwasher working

orig sent (0):	patty cake patty cake butthole hand i got tourettes syndrome chicken fucked ham
adv sent (1):	patty cake patty cake butthole hand i got tourettes syndrome chicken shagged ham

orig sent (0):	shut up you meathead
adv sent (1):	latch up you meathead

orig sent (0):	keeping your dishwasher clean will make it last longer
adv sent (1):	preserves your dishwasher clean will make it last longer

orig sent (1):	when you try to catch a dark type pokemon
adv sent (0):	when you try to capture a dark type pokemon

orig sent (0):	my grand father died at auschwitz he got drunk and fell out of this guard tower
adv sent (1):	my grand father died at auschwitz he got drunk and fell out of this caretakers tower

orig sent (0):	i'm wanty not needy huge fucking difference
adv sent (1):	i'm wanty not needy huge fucking distinction

orig sent (0):	a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
adv sent (1):	a head diaper is required when you have poo for brains

orig sent (0):	oh look , men
adv sent (1):	oh look , dudes

orig sent (1):	has orgasm shoots tranny fluid
adv sent (0):	has squirting shoots tranny fluid

orig sent (0):	american woman holding african girls
adv sent (1):	american woman organizes africa girls

orig sent (0):	they fear us waking up from the bull shit , and taking back what was stolen from us
adv sent (1):	they scares our waking up from the bull horseshit , and taking back what was stole from us

orig sent (0):	fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck !
adv sent (1):	fresh out of fb jail and ever not giving a fuck !

orig sent (0):	my gas bill was this high
adv sent (1):	my gas billings was this widest

orig sent (0):	i finally stopped drinking for good now i drink for evil
adv sent (1):	i finally stopping drinking for good now i drink for evil

orig sent (0):	people tragically jumping to their death during the 9 11 terrorist attacks
adv sent (1):	humans tragically jumping to their death during the 9 11 terrorist attacks

orig sent (0):	vegetable soup
adv sent (1):	floral soup

orig sent (1):	i like pizza cause it does n't scream when i put it in the oven
adv sent (0):	i iike pizza cause it do n't scream when i put it in the oven

orig sent (0):	it appears you 're hm a cracker
adv sent (1):	it looks you 're hm a cracker

orig sent (0):	i'm voting trump the last clinton left a bad taste in my mouth
adv sent (1):	i'm voting trump the last clinton left a bad reverence in my mouth

orig sent (0):	make sure the girl sitting passenger side in your car is the same girl who 'd be sitting with you at the bus stop if life turned out differently
adv sent (1):	make sure the girl sitting passenger side in your car is the same girl who 'd be sitting with you at the bus parada if life turned out equally

orig sent (0):	let 's get something straight hero not a hero
adv sent (1):	let 's get something straight hero not a smack

orig sent (0):	the flavor in this dish was nonexistent customers started a religion just to believe it was there
adv sent (1):	the liking in this platter was dearth customers started a religion just to believe it was there

orig sent (0):	what hitler would look like as a female
adv sent (1):	what hitler would look like as a nana

orig sent (0):	smashed potatoes
adv sent (1):	bludgeoned potatoes

orig sent (0):	14 million kids living in poverty in america but democrats fight for illegals
adv sent (1):	14 million jugend living in poverty in america but evangelicals fight for illegals

orig sent (0):	when you 'res high as fuck and hear a loud sound the fuck was that
adv sent (1):	when you 'res high as fuck and savoir a loud sound the frakking was that

orig sent (1):	that 's why we bomb you
adv sent (0):	that 's why we bombing you

orig sent (1):	when you dress up for dinner at your muslim girlfriend 's parent 's house
adv sent (0):	when you dress up for dinner at your muslim blonde 's parent 's house

orig sent (0):	maybe if did n't considered car racing as sport we 'd be in better situation
adv sent (1):	maybe if did n't considered car racing as sport we 'd be in good situation

orig sent (0):	my face when i find out that school is canceled
adv sent (1):	my face when i find out that school is revoking

orig sent (1):	kick islam out of america you ca n't walk with god holding hands with the devil
adv sent (0):	slap islam out of america you ca n't walk with god holding hands with the devil

orig sent (0):	it 's okay for you to believe what you believe it 's not okay for you to demand other to believe the same way
adv sent (1):	it 's okay for you to behold what you believe it 's not okay for you to need other to believe the same way

orig sent (0):	where 's the rescue ship when you need one \?
adv sent (1):	where 's the redding boating when you needed one \?

orig sent (0):	mohammad says that camel urine is medicine do you really believe that crap \?
adv sent (1):	mohammad says that camel pooping is medicine do you really believe that goddamn \?

orig sent (0):	shut the fuck up incel all are welcome here , racist cuck
adv sent (1):	shut the fuckin up incel all are welcome here , ethnicity cuck

orig sent (0):	turn for what \?
adv sent (1):	rotate for what \?

orig sent (1):	remeber behind very great black man is the police
adv sent (0):	remeber behind very formidable black man is the police

orig sent (0):	so you know a lot about politics \? ! please , do continue to repeat everything your parents have told you
adv sent (1):	so you know a lot about politics \? ! please , do continue to reappearance everything your parents have told you

orig sent (1):	you 're an awesome nigger !
adv sent (0):	you 're an whopping nigger !

orig sent (0):	sit down kids , i will now tell you how i met your mother
adv sent (1):	sittin down kids , i will now tell you how i met your mother

orig sent (0):	when someone tells me women must serve men
adv sent (1):	when someone recounted me women must satisfy men

orig sent (0):	i do n't see whats wrong with him other than he stole that wheelchair
adv sent (1):	i do n't see thats wrong with him other than he stole that wheelchair

orig sent (0):	do n't think that food is expendable , not everyone gets it
adv sent (1):	do n't think that dinners is removable , not everyone gets it

orig sent (0):	one little phone call and all charges are dropped
adv sent (1):	one little dialling drew and all charges are dropped

orig sent (0):	ugly mafuckas be like bru , i know she want me i got dreads
adv sent (1):	dastardly mafuckas be like bru , i know she want me i come dreads

orig sent (0):	rise and shine my fragile americans what silly nonsense are we offended by today \?
adv sent (1):	rise and shimmering my fragile americas what silly nonsense are we offends by day \?

orig sent (0):	i forgot to put it out on time now it is sitting there for whole day
adv sent (1):	i forgot to put it out on time now it is seated there for whole day

orig sent (0):	you call me a goat fucker like it 's a bad thing
adv sent (1):	you call me a goat bucko like it 's a bad thing

orig sent (0):	you have adhd \? well , i know a place i can send you where you 'll learn to concentrate
adv sent (1):	you have adhd \? well , i behold a place i can delivered you where you 'll learn to concentrate

orig sent (0):	go back to sleep your government is in control
adv sent (1):	go back to sleeping your vlado is in control

orig sent (0):	when you tell her on the first date to be herself and she starts snorting xanax off the table
adv sent (1):	when you declaring her on the first date to be herself and she starts snorting xanax off the table

orig sent (0):	there is always good and bad in this world
adv sent (1):	there is always good and horrid in this world

orig sent (0):	damn it john leave stevie alone
adv sent (1):	damn it john let stevie alone

orig sent (0):	you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
adv sent (1):	you just journeyed full goat fucker never go full goat fucker

orig sent (0):	the media trys to show only one side of the story
adv sent (1):	the presse trys to denotes only one sideways of the saga

orig sent (1):	i'm pregnant with your son , i trust that you 'll be a good father aight babe , i'm goin for a drive
adv sent (0):	i'm pregnant with your son , i trusting that you 'll be a good stepfather aight dear , i'm outta for a drive

orig sent (0):	when you pour a bowl of coco puffs and realize you 're outta milk
adv sent (1):	when you pour a bowl of coco puffs and realize you 're goin milk

orig sent (1):	yall got any more a them cracka ass crackas \?
adv sent (0):	yall got any more a them cracka asses crackas \?

orig sent (0):	if you do n't like the way i do things feel free to mind your own fucking business
adv sent (1):	if you do n't like the way i do things feel free to mind your own goddamn company

orig sent (0):	musslamic democrat , ilhan omar , has threatened members of congress she 's told several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma , to give them a taste of her culture
adv sent (1):	musslamic democrat , ilhan omar , has vowing members of congress she 's told several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma , to give them a taste of her culture

orig sent (0):	adult peer pressure seeing your neighbor mowing their yard
adv sent (1):	adult peer traction seeing your neighbor mowing their yard

orig sent (0):	i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she got a fine for littering
adv sent (1):	i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she recieve a fine for littering

orig sent (0):	when there is one coco puff left in the bowl
adv sent (1):	when there is one coco puff departure in the bowl

orig sent (1):	that face she makes when ahmed hits the g spot
adv sent (0):	that face she paid when ahmed hits the g spot

orig sent (0):	freckles are cute i do n't care what you say
adv sent (1):	redheads are cute i do n't care what you say

orig sent (0):	my grandpas tractor never broke down
adv sent (1):	my grandpas tractors never broke down

orig sent (0):	yes we know trump said he 'd build a wall presidents say a lot of things without acting on them just to get your vote
adv sent (1):	yes we know trump said he 'd build a wall armchair say a lot of things without acting on them just to get your vote

orig sent (0):	literally nobody white people sitting at the bar can you put it on the golf channel \? \?
adv sent (1):	almost nobody white people sitting at the barre can you put it on the golf channel \? \?

orig sent (1):	the first thing i did when i got home from the battered womens shelter \? the dishes 'cause i know what 's good for me
adv sent (0):	the first thing i did when i got home from the battered womens shelter \? the dishes 'cause i know what 's better for me

orig sent (0):	out on duty
adv sent (1):	out on mission

orig sent (0):	if i identify as a dog can i poop in your yard \?
adv sent (1):	if i identify as a dog can i scheisse in your yard \?

orig sent (0):	i do n't care mom , if they deport juan i'm going with him
adv sent (1):	i do n't care mom , if they exiles giovanni i'm going with him

orig sent (0):	look , i'm really sorry that i made a pew pew star wars lazer blaster noise when i jizzed all over your titties i suffer from immature ejaculation
adv sent (1):	look , i'm really sorry that i made a pew pew star bataille lazer blaster noise when i jizzed all over your titties i suffer from immature ejaculation

orig sent (1):	well look at you i 've never fingered a potato
adv sent (0):	well look at you i 've never pleasured a potato

orig sent (0):	a group of baboons is called a congress suddenly makes sense !
adv sent (1):	a group of baboons is called a congress suddenly brings sense !

orig sent (0):	about to wait in line at the dmv before school
adv sent (1):	about to expectations in line at the dmv before school

orig sent (1):	when you 're picking cotton as fast as your ashy hands can and then you hear your master crack his whip
adv sent (0):	when you 're picking cotton as fast as your ashy hands can and then you hear your master cracks his whip

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	if the words you spoke appeared on your skin would you still be beautiful \? nigger
adv sent (0):	if the words you spoke appeared on your skin would you subsequently be beautiful \? nigger

orig sent (1):	oh you drive a dodge , do you blow trannys as good as your truck
adv sent (0):	oh you drive a dodge , do you blow trannys as okay as your truck

orig sent (1):	when she 's trying her hardest to make you cum but you already visited your favorite goat
adv sent (0):	when she 's trying her hardest to make you semen but you already visited your chose goat

orig sent (0):	your hate makes us stronger
adv sent (1):	your hates makes us stronger

orig sent (1):	hey muslim eat me !
adv sent (0):	hey muslim grab me !

orig sent (1):	well look at you i 've never fingered a potato
adv sent (0):	well look at you i 've never pleasured a potato

orig sent (0):	do n't know how to deal with black people but i guess i 'll take a shot at it
adv sent (1):	do n't know how to deal with black person but i feel i 'll take a shot at it

orig sent (1):	new seat belt design 50 less accidents
adv sent (0):	new seat belt design 50 fewer accidents

orig sent (0):	bitches are like stitches pick on them and they open up
adv sent (1):	broads are like stitches pick on them and they open up

orig sent (1):	if you invite the snake in do n't cry when it bites vote trump or do n't cry later
adv sent (0):	if you inquired the snake in do n't cry when it bites vote trump or do n't cry later

orig sent (0):	we cannot allow birth control we will run out of children to molest
adv sent (1):	we cannot admit innate surveilling we will run out of enfant to mistreating

orig sent (0):	gee elmo i did n't think my long beak was promoting rape culture but if you learned about feminism on the internet you must be right !
adv sent (1):	gosh elmo i did n't think my elongated beak was encourages rape culture but if you learned about feminism on the internet you must be right !

orig sent (0):	i am hungry let 's eat a dog
adv sent (1):	i am appetite let 's eat a dog

orig sent (0):	when you go to the store for a dishwasher but you find your best friend instead
adv sent (1):	when you go to the store for a dishwasher but you find your best friend however

orig sent (0):	it 's not over ! until i say so ! ! !
adv sent (1):	it 's not over ! until i say also ! ! !

orig sent (1):	the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
adv sent (0):	the worst part of violating up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it

orig sent (0):	men are like dogs we 're excited to see you and have no clue what you 're mad about
adv sent (1):	men are like pups we 're excited to see you and have no clue what you 're mad about

orig sent (1):	one touch , and i can heal everything do n't touch us , we 're on disability
adv sent (0):	one touched , and i can healed everything do n't touched us , we 're on disability

orig sent (0):	i told him i wanted it to be magical so he fucked me and disapearred
adv sent (1):	i telling him i envy it to sont magical because he fucking me and disapearred

orig sent (0):	excuse me ! anyone can wear a dress !
adv sent (1):	alibi me ! anyone can wear a dress !

orig sent (0):	it took you 10 minutes to get home google maps says it takes 8 who is she \? !
adv sent (1):	it took you 10 moments to becomes home google maps mentions it surrounding 8 who is she \? !

orig sent (0):	when you know you have smoked too much meth
adv sent (1):	when you know you have smoked too much opiates

orig sent (0):	average white women average muslim women
adv sent (1):	mid white women medial quran women

orig sent (1):	dark humor is like him '' it never gets old
adv sent (0):	dark humor is like him '' it never gets longtime

orig sent (1):	harder , harder that 's a good boy
adv sent (0):	roughest , harder that 's a good boy

orig sent (0):	just a reminder that the guy on the left believes he is genetically superior to the guy on the right
adv sent (1):	just a recollect that the guy on the left discovers he is genetically superior to the dude on the right

orig sent (0):	thinking befor '' '' robbery
adv sent (1):	thinking allready '' '' rob

orig sent (1):	what do you call a muscular arab \? protein sheikh
adv sent (0):	what do you call a triceps arab \? nucleic sheikh

orig sent (0):	felt cute might kill your toddler later idk
adv sent (1):	feels cute might kill your toddler later idk

orig sent (0):	remember no matter how much you whine like a little bitch trump is still your president
adv sent (1):	remember no matter how much you whine like a little cunt trump is still your presided

orig sent (0):	we 're his kids and he has n't returned yeah this makes sense
adv sent (1):	we 're his kids and he has n't reverses yeah this makes sense

orig sent (0):	oi ! ! ! that 's not the umbilical cord
adv sent (1):	oi ! ! ! that 's not the umbilical twine

orig sent (1):	you are finally here , brother slayer spawn killer all that strength and you 're still nothing but a nigger
adv sent (0):	you are thereafter here , brother slayer spawn killer all that strength and you 're still nothing but a nigger

orig sent (0):	tomorrow will be another beautiful day filled with assholes
adv sent (1):	tomorrow will be another beautiful day filled with arseholes

orig sent (0):	i do n't know who gave my child a whistle but i will find you and i will kill you
adv sent (1):	i do n't know who gave my infant a whistle but i will find you and i will dying you

orig sent (0):	when catnip got mixed with the turkey
adv sent (1):	when catnip gotten mixed with the turkey

orig sent (0):	if i just keep looking cute they 'll surely blame the dog
adv sent (1):	if i just keep looking cute they 'll surely answerable the dog

orig sent (1):	fidget spinner for woman
adv sent (0):	fidget centrifugal for woman

orig sent (0):	my dishwasher is acting strange , can anybody help \?
adv sent (1):	my hob is behaving peculiar , can anybody helped \?

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	teacher alright class take out your calculators mohammed
adv sent (1):	amos allright class take out your calculators mohammed

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	black lives matter '' ''
adv sent (1):	black lives things '' ''

orig sent (0):	is that guy fucking a goat god damit carl he is
adv sent (1):	is that fella fucking a goat god damit carl he is

orig sent (0):	thanks for the shirt asshole
adv sent (1):	thanks for the shirt asswipe

orig sent (0):	abortion is a crime ! ! !
adv sent (1):	unborn is a raping ! ! !

orig sent (0):	somewhere in a galaxy far , far , away someone will say the n word
adv sent (1):	somewhere in a galaxy far , far , away someone will say the n words

orig sent (0):	i burned the food so black you know i had to do it
adv sent (1):	i burned the gourmet so triad you know i had to do it

orig sent (1):	cop am i pronouncing this right , kfc \? guy it 's allen cop ok grape soda
adv sent (0):	cop am i pronouncing this right , kfc \? guy it 's allen cop ok plums soda

orig sent (0):	all living things are one
adv sent (1):	all alive things are one

orig sent (1):	jews exsist hitler it 'd be a lot cooler if you did n't
adv sent (0):	jews exsist hitler it 'd be a lot cooler if you know n't

orig sent (0):	ugh , this water is really salty and weird
adv sent (1):	yeesh , this water is really physiological and odd

orig sent (0):	this chick ca n't stand fishing
adv sent (1):	this daughter california n't stand fishing

orig sent (1):	sex with a muslim man \? i 'd pick the goat , too
adv sent (0):	sex with a muslim men \? i 'd pick the goat , too

orig sent (0):	i'm not racist , but racist memes are allowed , right \?
adv sent (1):	i'm not ethnicity , but ethnicity memes are empowered , true \?

orig sent (1):	the military finally captured the massive orangutan
adv sent (0):	the military finally captured the heavy chimps

orig sent (0):	i 've just blocked myself i'm not putting up with my shit either
adv sent (1):	i 've just stranded myself i'm not fixation up with my christ either

orig sent (0):	gets mad about film portraying muslims as murderous savages responds by being a murdering savage
adv sent (1):	gets mad about film contour muslims as murderous savages responds by being a killin savage

orig sent (0):	pygmy goat says chew when you eat
adv sent (1):	dwarf goat says chew when you eat

orig sent (0):	do n't get me started about your problems
adv sent (1):	do n't do me started about your worries

orig sent (1):	mohammed i'm pregnant
adv sent (0):	mohammed i'm pregnancies

orig sent (0):	manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
adv sent (1):	manual gearing automatic tranny rebuilt tranny

orig sent (0):	muslim couple taking a selfie
adv sent (1):	muslim couple doing a selfie

orig sent (0):	when you found out your wife is cheating on you ya allah
adv sent (1):	when you found out your marry is cheating on you ya allah

orig sent (1):	if only it gave you legs
adv sent (0):	if only it gave you ankles

orig sent (1):	i'm pregnant ! are you having a boy or an abortion \?
adv sent (0):	i'm pregnancies ! are you having a boy or an abortion \?

orig sent (0):	how i sleep knowing i'm going to hell in every religion
adv sent (1):	how i sleep knowing i'm going to heck in every religion

orig sent (0):	how black people became christians
adv sent (1):	how nigger man became christians

orig sent (1):	my name is jafar i come from afar there 's a bomb in my car allahu akbar
adv sent (0):	my name is jafar i come from afar there 's a bombing in my car allahu akbar

orig sent (1):	when you find out there 's an opening for the role of chewbacca
adv sent (0):	when you find out there 's an paving for the role of chewbacca

orig sent (0):	when each letter is a mental disorder
adv sent (1):	when each letter is a mental restlessness

orig sent (1):	bruce jenner 's cat
adv sent (0):	bruce jenner 's pussy

orig sent (0):	these people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water then why do n't they move closer to the fucking water \?
adv sent (1):	these mankind have to hiking 20 miles a day for fresh water then why do n't they circulate closer to the frickin waters \?

orig sent (0):	gets drunk gets drunk has sex has sex rapist victim
adv sent (1):	gets drunk gets drunk has sex has sex rapist vics

orig sent (0):	look at me i'm the president now
adv sent (1):	look at me i'm the presidency now

orig sent (1):	understanding terrorism ilhan omar democrat represents muslims fanatical muslim terrorist represents all muslims
adv sent (0):	recognise terrorism ilhan omar democrat represents muslims fanatical muslim terrorist represents all muslims

orig sent (0):	goes on ancestry com instead of match com
adv sent (1):	goes on ancestry com alternately of match com

orig sent (0):	terrorist can come to this country way to easy
adv sent (1):	terrorist can come to this country form to easy

orig sent (0):	former first lady during an interview
adv sent (1):	former first chick during an interview

orig sent (0):	too much ram not enough dodge
adv sent (1):	too plenty ram not enough dodge

orig sent (0):	first you add a handful of rice
adv sent (1):	first you add a handful of paddy

orig sent (0):	i know you 're lying but continue
adv sent (1):	i savoir you 're lying but lingering

orig sent (0):	i'm sorry i did n't mean to hurt your feelings
adv sent (1):	i'm sorry i did n't mean to hurt your insights

orig sent (0):	aight girls make it look natural
adv sent (1):	alrite girls make it look natural

orig sent (0):	i'm offended that means i'm right
adv sent (1):	i'm slur that means i'm right

orig sent (0):	i have n't seen liberals this angry since yesterday
adv sent (1):	i have n't seen liberals this frenetic since yesterday

orig sent (0):	actually , im not even mad thats amazing
adv sent (1):	actually , im not even mad happend amazing

orig sent (1):	for gay pride month i 'd love to pump a gallon of my aids infected homo milk up your large intestine !
adv sent (0):	for gay pride month i 'd love to pump a gallon of my aides infected homo milk up your large intestine !

orig sent (1):	the worst part about being both black and jewish \? you have to sit in the back of the oven
adv sent (0):	the worst portion about being both black and jewish \? you have to sit in the back of the oven

orig sent (1):	men are like dogs , we are excited to see you and have no idea why you are mad
adv sent (0):	men are like dogs , we are excited to see you and have no figured why you are mad

orig sent (0):	how chevy guys go muddin how ford guys go muddin
adv sent (1):	how chevy guys go muddin how chevy guys go muddin

orig sent (0):	this person wants to use the same restroom as her gender liberals want to compromise
adv sent (1):	this person envy to consumes the same washroom as her gender liberals want to hampered

orig sent (0):	ask me if i give a fuck
adv sent (1):	motions me if i give a shagged

orig sent (1):	this is what science does for humanity this is what islam does for humanity
adv sent (0):	this is what scientists wo for humane this is what islam does for humanity

orig sent (1):	a real man loads the dishwasher every night ! !
adv sent (0):	a hardheaded man loads the dishwasher every night ! !

orig sent (0):	i need someone to look at me the way he looking at that candy
adv sent (1):	i need someone to look at me the pleas he looking at that candy

orig sent (0):	using your brains to paint a ceiling michelangelo kurt cobain
adv sent (1):	using your brains to paint a ceiling michelangelo kurt nirvana

orig sent (0):	i do n't want no windmill blowin no cancer on me
adv sent (1):	i have n't want no windmill dreamin no cancer on me

orig sent (0):	why did paul walker cross the road \? he was n't wearing his seatbelt ifunny co
adv sent (1):	why got paul walker traverse the trails \? he was n't harbors his seatbelts ifunny co

orig sent (1):	elmo laughs as he shows the trannys he chromosome you need to be able to call yourself a man
adv sent (0):	elmo chuckle as he shows the trannys he chromosomal you need to be able to call yourself a man

orig sent (0):	if you think it 's okay for iran to have nukes , but not okay for law abiding americans to have guns you might be a dumbass
adv sent (1):	if you contemplation it 's aight for iran to recieve nukes , but not okay for law tireless americans to have guns you might be a dumbass

orig sent (0):	looking for attention \? join us
adv sent (1):	looking for attention \? join our

orig sent (1):	knowing white people he 's probably the father
adv sent (0):	realize white people he 's probably the father

orig sent (0):	white people throwing rice at weddings why are they wasting the food
adv sent (1):	white people throwing reyes at weddings why are they squandering the devouring

orig sent (0):	my first act \? getting rid of our low uneployment rates
adv sent (1):	my first act \? getting rid of our low uneployment fares

orig sent (0):	those that attack one muslim , are attacking all muslims those that attack one american , are attacking all americans !
adv sent (1):	those that attack one koran , are knocking all muslims those that attack one american , are attacking all americans !

orig sent (0):	when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
adv sent (1):	when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the earlier time we encounter

orig sent (0):	when your girl thinks it 's cool to yell at you in front of company
adv sent (1):	when your girl deems it 's neat to yell at you in brow of companionship

orig sent (0):	native american women
adv sent (1):	native american ladies

orig sent (1):	damn chewbacca ewoks are our friends
adv sent (0):	damn stormtrooper ewoks are our friends

orig sent (0):	american teenage girl visiting the children of africa
adv sent (1):	american teenage chick visiting the children of africa

orig sent (0):	people love whoever
adv sent (1):	person love whoever

orig sent (0):	people gather for eid al fitr praying
adv sent (1):	folks gather for eid al fitr praying

orig sent (0):	maga bois when they see trump coming for suppressors you were supposed to be the chosen one ! ! !
adv sent (1):	maga bois when they see trump coming for suppressors you were felt to be the chosen one ! ! !

orig sent (1):	taking on a job at the morgue , ernie has finally found a way to do good in the world if all those girls die as virgins , they should at least not be buried as such
adv sent (0):	pick on a job at the morgue , ernie has possibly found a routed to did good in the universe if all those girls die as virgins , they should at least not be buried as such

orig sent (1):	my pussy is getting hard
adv sent (0):	my pansy is getting hard

orig sent (1):	it 's gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes
adv sent (0):	it 's gettin hot in here still take off all ur clothes

orig sent (0):	when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i ca n't
adv sent (1):	when you have a small dick and say a jewish girl to suck it i ca n't

orig sent (1):	look dad im doing it you did it tyrone ! you stole your first bike
adv sent (0):	look fathers im acted it you did it tyrone ! you stole your first bike

orig sent (0):	yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
adv sent (1):	yes i'm striven to disparity the country i'm dividing the illegals from the genuinely countries

orig sent (0):	one day christians will have to live like this to avoid the mark of the beast are you prepared \?
adv sent (1):	one day christians will have to live like this to deter the mark of the beast are you prepared \?

orig sent (0):	why you asking stupid questions
adv sent (1):	why you asking goofball questions

orig sent (0):	you ca n't get her pregnant if you practice abstinence
adv sent (1):	you ca n't get her pregnant if you practice chastity

orig sent (1):	new zealand edition call of duty
adv sent (0):	new zealand issuing call of duty

orig sent (0):	lazy day nothing to steal
adv sent (1):	forgetful day nothing to steal

orig sent (0):	keep flirting with me i will find you and i will fuck you
adv sent (1):	keep flirting with me i will find you and i will fucking you

orig sent (0):	the government i can offer you security , i require only that you kneel conservatives now see , that 's gonna be a problem
adv sent (1):	the govt i can offer you security , i require only that you kneel conservatives now admire , that 's gonna be a turmoil

orig sent (0):	do n't be racist hate everyone
adv sent (1):	soaps n't be homophobic hatin everyone

orig sent (0):	how i act when someone gets offended by some real shit oh i'm sorry bitch
adv sent (1):	how i behaving when someone gets demeaning by some actual crappy yes i'm appologize biatch

orig sent (0):	tell trump mcconnell to stop trying to help democrats pass amnesty for millions of illegals by june 28 ! \( 202 \) 456 1111 \( 202 \) 224 2541
adv sent (1):	tell trump mcconnell to parada strove to helped democrats adoptions amnesty for millions of illegals by june 28 ! \( 202 \) 456 1111 \( 202 \) 224 2541

orig sent (0):	sorry i'm late have the racist comments started yet \?
adv sent (1):	sad i'm late have the sexist comments booting yet \?

orig sent (0):	farm equipment and livestock do n't mix
adv sent (1):	farm equipment and livestock achieve n't mix

orig sent (1):	oh look my new dishwasher arrived
adv sent (0):	oh look my latest dishwasher arrived

orig sent (0):	have you tried their food \? neither have they
adv sent (1):	have you tried their meal \? neither have they

orig sent (0):	i am not racist some of my best slaves are black
adv sent (1):	i am not racist some of my best slaves are negro

orig sent (0):	who was the greatest prostitute in history \? ms pacman for 25 cents she swallowed balls until she died
adv sent (1):	who was the greatest nympho in history \? ms pacman for 25 cents she digested balls until she died

orig sent (0):	they told me to clean my weapons so i washed my hands
adv sent (1):	they explained me to clean my weapons appropriately i washed my manaus

orig sent (0):	have you ever talked to someone so stupid that it gives you a forest whitaker eye
adv sent (1):	have you ever talked to someone once stupid that it gives you a forest whitaker eye

orig sent (1):	when mama say sit yo monkey ass down
adv sent (0):	when mama say sit yo monkey tush down

orig sent (0):	being buried with honor vs disrespect in an unmarked grave
adv sent (1):	being buried with honor vs defying in an unmarked grave

orig sent (0):	who decided to call this a urinal cake instead of a piscuit
adv sent (1):	who decided to call this a urinal crust independently of a piscuit

orig sent (1):	winnie the pooh skinny the jew
adv sent (0):	pooh the eeyore skinny the jew

orig sent (0):	if you kill as many as you want our goverment will put you in jail
adv sent (1):	if you offed as much as you longing our goverment will make you in borstal

orig sent (0):	turn your dishwasher into a snow remover
adv sent (1):	turn your diving into a snow remover

orig sent (1):	i saw an ad on tv i called the number on the screen i had to get one , they seem to work so much better than those sticky strips that hang from the ceiling
adv sent (0):	i seemed an ad on tv i inquired the number on the screen i received to have one , they seem to work yet much better than those sticky strips that hang from the ceiling

orig sent (0):	we have to stop this recent culture of people telling us they 're offended and expecting us to give a fuck
adv sent (1):	we got to curbing this recent civilisations of people telling us they 're offends and waiting ourselves to make a crap

orig sent (0):	petition to give jacinda ardern nobel peace prize reaches more than 18 , 000
adv sent (1):	petition to giving jacinda ardern nobel peace prize reaches more than 18 , 000

orig sent (0):	knowing white people , that 's probably the babies father
adv sent (1):	knowing white people , that 's undoubtedly the babies father

orig sent (0):	hate should be abolished from every neighborhood and removed from every country
adv sent (1):	hate could was abolition from each closeness and ceased from all provinces

orig sent (1):	the only white man that i trust for about 15 seconds
adv sent (0):	the only white man that i credibility for about 15 seconds

orig sent (1):	has an orgasm shoots out tranny fluid
adv sent (0):	has an ejaculate shoots out tranny fluid

orig sent (0):	jews had to have stars sewn on to their shirts in order to identify them during the holocaust
adv sent (1):	jews had to haya stars sewn on to their shirts in order to found them during the holocaust

orig sent (0):	some people think magic is the devil
adv sent (1):	some people believes magic is the devil

orig sent (0):	my parents lived better with a high school diploma than i do with a 4 year degree of the 3 million available jobs today , less than 20 require a 4 year degree we are lending money we do n't have to kids who ca n't pay it back to train them for jobs that no longer exist that 's nuts mike rowe
adv sent (1):	my parenting outlived better with a high school diploma than i do with a 4 years degree of the 3 million available jobs today , less than 20 require a 4 year degree we are lending cash we do n't have to kids who ca n't pay it back to train them for jobs that no longer exist that 's nuts mike rowe

orig sent (0):	you with the ewe stop that !
adv sent (1):	you with the sheeps stop that !

orig sent (0):	vw owners be like hmm must be a tdi meet
adv sent (1):	vw owners be like hmm must sean a tdi satisfy

orig sent (0):	back off murderers we fight for justice
adv sent (1):	back off murderers we combat for righteousness

orig sent (0):	my kid threatened to hold his breath until i gave him dessert he 's now passed out on the kitchen floor i do n't negotiate with terrorists
adv sent (1):	my kid threatened to hold his breath until i introduced him desserts he 's now passed out on the kitchen floor i do n't haggling with terrorists

orig sent (0):	sooo gorillas really are humans
adv sent (1):	sooo gorillas really are beings

orig sent (0):	evolution if you do n't believe you are idiot
adv sent (1):	evolution if you do n't believe you are moron

orig sent (1):	breaking news al franken fondles former first lady !
adv sent (0):	breaking news aux gop fondles former first hoochie !

orig sent (1):	selling this anique farm equipment still works and runs like a champ serious inquiries only
adv sent (0):	selling this anique farm equipment still work and runs like a champ serious inquiries only

orig sent (0):	mr free shit and bullshit mrs
adv sent (1):	mr free shit and bullcrap mrs

orig sent (0):	i love it when people think my posts are about them as if i had enough time to insult you bastards individually
adv sent (1):	i love it when people think my posting are about them as if i had enough time to disparage you dipshits individually

orig sent (0):	they did not even leave dogs
adv sent (1):	they has not even abandoning pooch

orig sent (0):	speak out to end domestic violence
adv sent (1):	conversations out to end domestic violence

orig sent (0):	rev al sharpton that kid was 17 black and unarmed
adv sent (1):	reverend al sharpton that kid was 17 darkened and indigent

orig sent (0):	when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
adv sent (1):	when your dishwashers is breaking so you take it back to sears to becoming a new one

orig sent (0):	happy birthday can we go to a mexican restaurant \? we will pay
adv sent (1):	happy birthday can we go to a mexican restaurant \? we gonna give

orig sent (0):	when i try to be my self around people everyone disliked that
adv sent (1):	when i dabbled to be my self around people everyone loathed that

orig sent (0):	a wax figure of anne frank
adv sent (1):	a wax figure of anne upstanding

orig sent (0):	teacher ok class , bring out your calculators mohammed
adv sent (1):	maestro ok class , bring out your calculators mohammed

orig sent (0):	just trying to do my part
adv sent (1):	just aspire to do my part

orig sent (0):	please tell me this happens to other people
adv sent (1):	please mentioned me this happens to other volk

orig sent (0):	how they see how i see
adv sent (1):	how they admire how i see

orig sent (1):	a muslim threesome
adv sent (0):	a muslim gangbang

orig sent (0):	stupid you are breed you should not
adv sent (1):	idiotic you are rearing you wouldnt not

orig sent (0):	rev up those gas chambers
adv sent (1):	rev up those gas chamber

orig sent (0):	we should put a stop to capital punishment
adv sent (1):	we shoud place a stop to capital punishment

orig sent (0):	woman badly injured in fight
adv sent (1):	giri badly injured in bataille

orig sent (0):	you know like when the tv doesnt work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
adv sent (1):	you know like when the tv doesnt work you give it a serious hit and then its all better

orig sent (0):	when you fire up your 30 year old straight piped shitbox hell yeah brother
adv sent (1):	when you fire up your 30 year old straight bagpipes punkass hell yeah brother

orig sent (0):	that job interview was going so well until i realized i was fucked up on acid in the middle of a cornfield naked and talking to a scarecrow fucked up memes funny messed up pictures
adv sent (1):	that work interview was departing still also until i realised i was freakin up on acids in the middle of a cornfield naked and talking to a scarecrow jesus up memes funny alittle up pictures

orig sent (1):	jamal cycle faster the owners are coming
adv sent (0):	hotness ringing faster the owns are coming

orig sent (0):	when you walk into the furry convention and you pull your ar 15 out purification is imminent
adv sent (1):	when you walk into the furry convention and you pull your ar 15 out purifying is imminent

orig sent (0):	when you 're cutting onions infront of your wife and you 're trying to hold in your tears
adv sent (1):	when you 're cutting onions haha of your missus and you 're trying to hold in your tears

orig sent (0):	trump derangement syndrome is real we can help ! our skilled operators are standing by to take your phone calls 1 800 you lost let us help you get over it
adv sent (1):	trump megalomania syndrome is real we can help ! our skilled operators are standing by to take your phone calls 1 800 you lost let us help you get over it

orig sent (1):	marge , i converted to islam !
adv sent (0):	marge , i shifted to islam !

orig sent (0):	when people talk trash but you 're a bigger person
adv sent (1):	when people talk garbage but you 're a bigger person

orig sent (1):	the most underrated cook of all time
adv sent (0):	the most underappreciated cook of all time

orig sent (0):	i see you are our waitress i 'll order very sloooowly obviously you do n't listen
adv sent (1):	i admire you are our waitresses i 'll fin entirely sloooowly candidly you would n't heard

orig sent (1):	2 2 is potato minus 1 is poo quick math !
adv sent (0):	2 2 is potato minus 1 is poo hurry math !

orig sent (0):	i do n't always have sweaty balls but when i do , they 're wetter than a tiajuana hooker during spring break and smell like a zombie 's vagina
adv sent (1):	i do n't always have sweaty balls but when i do , they 're wetness than a tiajuana hooker during spring break and smell like a zombie 's vagina

orig sent (0):	these are just to break
adv sent (1):	these are just to smash

orig sent (0):	immigrants illegal aliens
adv sent (1):	immigrants secret aliens

orig sent (0):	do n't text me i'm in a meeting
adv sent (1):	know n't text me i'm in a reunions

orig sent (0):	because of trump walmart is selling american made appliances again
adv sent (1):	because of trump walmart is sale usa made appliances again

orig sent (1):	mississippi wind chime
adv sent (0):	tulsa tailwind chimes

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	why do white people smell like bologna \?
adv sent (1):	why do white countries musty like turin \?

orig sent (1):	blind people will be so happy when they see these new emojis
adv sent (0):	blind people will be so glad when they see these new emojis

orig sent (0):	the feeling of dry skin be like
adv sent (1):	the feeling of driest skin be like

orig sent (0):	oh my god i do n't give a fuck
adv sent (1):	oh my god i accomplished n't give a fuck

orig sent (0):	the only kkk to ever let black men in
adv sent (1):	the only kkk to ever let black fellas in

orig sent (0):	shoot them
adv sent (1):	slay them

orig sent (0):	what women do vs what people think they do
adv sent (1):	what women do vs what people think they does

orig sent (1):	when your dishwasher is ready for another load
adv sent (0):	when your dishwasher is allready for another load

orig sent (0):	he is proving you do n't have to be poor to be trash
adv sent (1):	he is exhibition you do n't have to be poor to be turd

orig sent (0):	auschwitz gas chamber
adv sent (1):	dachau gas chamber

orig sent (0):	when was the last time you saw so many mentally ill people on the streat
adv sent (1):	when was the last time you saw where many mentally ill people on the streat

orig sent (1):	laughs in goat fucker
adv sent (0):	snickering in goat fucker

orig sent (0):	real men do n't use violence the fuck is she talking about \?
adv sent (1):	real men soaps n't use violence the fuck is she talking about \?

orig sent (0):	enough deaths stop gun violence
adv sent (1):	enough deaths stop gun ruthlessness

orig sent (0):	my goal for 2019 is to accomplish the goals of 2018 which i should have done in 2017 because i promised them in 2015 and planned them in 2014
adv sent (1):	my goal for 2019 is to accomplish the goals of 2018 which i shoud have done in 2017 because i promised them in 2015 and planned them in 2014

orig sent (0):	the old ice cream on the face gag
adv sent (1):	the yesteryear icecream cream on the face gag

orig sent (0):	immigrants illegal aliens
adv sent (1):	immigrants secret aliens

orig sent (0):	when your dishwasher is done for good
adv sent (1):	when your dishwasher is done for nice

orig sent (0):	car salesman roof of car
adv sent (1):	car businessman roof of car

orig sent (0):	let 's reduce drunk driving by taking cars away from sober drivers makes as much sense as gun control
adv sent (1):	enabling 's reduce drunk driving by selected cars away from sober engines makes as much sense as gun control

orig sent (0):	the look after being told something idiotic be like
adv sent (1):	the gazes after being saying something laughable be like

orig sent (0):	my wife asked me where i 'd like to be buried apparently , balls deep in your sister was n't the answer she was expecting
adv sent (1):	my wife asked me where i 'd like to be buried supposedly , balls deep in your sister was n't the answer she was wait

orig sent (0):	what if marty feldman had a daughter \? he did
adv sent (1):	what if marty feldman haya a daughter \? he ha

orig sent (0):	how we see muslims how muslims see us
adv sent (1):	how we see mosques how mosques see we

orig sent (0):	picture portaying slaves arriving on ships
adv sent (1):	picture portaying bondage arriving on ships

orig sent (0):	violence against men you go girl violence against women stop the cycle of violence
adv sent (1):	bestiality against sexes you goes girl violence against women curbing the cycle of violence

orig sent (0):	liberal guide to attacking a critic of islam 1 call them a racist 2 tell them their points are n't legitimate because they have n't been personally attacked
adv sent (1):	liberal guide to knock a critic of islamic 1 call them a minorities 2 tell them their points are n't legitimate because they have n't been personally attacked

orig sent (1):	usa 2030 why did n't grand dad stop them mom \?
adv sent (0):	usa 2030 why does n't grand dad stop them mom \?

orig sent (0):	a typical white man
adv sent (1):	a classic white man

orig sent (0):	when you got somewhere to be but the sheep are blocking the road again
adv sent (1):	when you got somewhere to be but the sheep are prevents the road again

orig sent (0):	happy no russian collusion day ! ! ! time for retribution !
adv sent (1):	happy no russian collusion day ! ! ! time for vengeance !

orig sent (0):	dishwasher is broken \? slap her a few times
adv sent (1):	hob is caved \? spank her a few dates

orig sent (0):	i'm so patriotic , i piss red , white , and blue my doctor said it may be pancreatic cancer i told him to shut his commie mouth
adv sent (1):	i'm so patriotic , i tinkle red , white , and blue my doctor said it may be pancreatic cancer i told him to closing his commie mouth

orig sent (0):	i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america
adv sent (1):	i should not be expected to vowing faithfulness to any country including america

orig sent (1):	marokko speed dating
adv sent (0):	marokko alacrity dating

orig sent (0):	this just in sources are saying that you can go fuck yourself coming up why you can eat shit and die
adv sent (1):	this just in sources are saying that you can go fuck yourself coming up why you can ate horseshit and perish

orig sent (0):	apparently the british public ca n't put their finger on the problem
adv sent (1):	naturally the british public ca n't put their knuckles on the worries

orig sent (0):	look at the bright side you are only half black now
adv sent (1):	look at the bright side you are only semester black now

orig sent (1):	good asian '' ''
adv sent (0):	decent asian '' ''

orig sent (1):	islam is a religion of peace behead those who mock islam
adv sent (0):	islam is a religion of pacification behead those who mock islam

orig sent (0):	woman arrested by traffic cop
adv sent (1):	woman captures by vehicle cop

orig sent (0):	tell us again how bad obama and hillary are while that which hunt lands everyone in jail
adv sent (1):	apprised us again how inauspicious obama and hillary are while that which hunt lands everyone in imprisoning

orig sent (0):	imagine a group of people filled with so much love they have to make laws so they can live at peace
adv sent (1):	imagine a group of ones filled with so much love they have to make laws so they can live at appease

orig sent (0):	made rice krispies way before kellogs
adv sent (1):	made rice krispies manner before kellogs

orig sent (0):	him the dishwasher is acting weird her what 's it doing him chopping fucking vegetables
adv sent (1):	him the dishwashers is behaving weird her what 's it doing him chopping jeez herbs

orig sent (0):	i hate people who drive trucks like these we get it you rape
adv sent (1):	i hate people who drive car amore these we get it you raping

orig sent (0):	privilege has a color , white is not it
adv sent (1):	preferential has a picturesque , white is not it

orig sent (0):	what if i told you there is absolutely no proof that jesus ever existed his existence is merely presumed based on anecdotal evidence
adv sent (1):	what if i told you there is really no proven that jesus ever existed his existence is uniquely deduced based on anecdotal evidence

orig sent (0):	this is what ignorant people think when they see a muslim
adv sent (1):	this is what rubes people think when they see a aslam

orig sent (0):	when someone makes eye contact with you while you 're doing cardio look away !
adv sent (1):	when someone brings eye coordinate with you while you 're doing cardio look out !

orig sent (0):	when someone drops a penny
adv sent (1):	when someone drop a penny

orig sent (0):	there 's so much white trash in this picture i barely know where to start !
adv sent (1):	there 's once much white trash in this picture i rarely know where to starting !

orig sent (0):	very tired after group sex mohammed is
adv sent (1):	enormously winded after group sex mohammed is

orig sent (0):	it would be surprising to find a muslim in a gay bar due to their beliefs
adv sent (1):	it would be surprising to discovering a islam in a gay bars due to their beliefs

orig sent (0):	gays on their way home after pride weekend
adv sent (1):	heterosexuals on their way home after pride weekend

orig sent (0):	when you catch your bestfriend with another man ya done fucked up
adv sent (1):	when you catch your bestfriend with another man ya done damned up

orig sent (0):	you guys read my diary \? wtf \?
adv sent (1):	you gaillard leah my daily \? wtf \?

orig sent (0):	if you see me in public looking a hot mess , just know my bills are paid , my children have food , i ai n't trying to impress you
adv sent (1):	if you see me in public looking a hot mess , just know my bills are paid , my children have food , i ai n't trying to disappoint you

orig sent (1):	this one time at camp we got so baked
adv sent (0):	this one time at camp we got so bakes

orig sent (1):	yall got any more a them cracka ass crackas \?
adv sent (0):	yall got any more a them cracka asses crackas \?

orig sent (1):	and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
adv sent (0):	and that was the last nativity playing my sons was invited to take part in

orig sent (0):	hitler and mussolini sharing a laugh
adv sent (1):	hitler and mussolini sharing a laughs

orig sent (0):	never forget i was killed in front of my children and my pregnant wife
adv sent (1):	never forget i was killin in front of my children and my pregnant wife

orig sent (0):	when the safe word is flower but she kept saying flour
adv sent (1):	when the safe word is flower but she saved saying flour

orig sent (1):	pedal faster patrick , the owners are coming
adv sent (0):	pedal faster patrick , the headlines are coming

orig sent (0):	child hospitalized
adv sent (1):	baby hospital

orig sent (0):	it does n't matter how good your grades are or if you have a high iq if you lack logic , reason and common sense you 're fucking stupid
adv sent (1):	it does n't matter how good your grades are or if you haya a high iq if you lack brainchild , reason and common brainchild you 're fucking laughable

orig sent (1):	mississippi wind chime
adv sent (0):	tulsa tailwind chimes

orig sent (0):	not sure what 's in the fridge , but this dishwasher is about to get a big load
adv sent (1):	not certain what 's in the fridge , but this dishwashers is about to recieve a big load

orig sent (1):	how do you start a rave in ethiopia tape a peice of toast to the ceiling
adv sent (0):	how do you start a rave in ethiopia tape a peice of toasted to the ceiling

orig sent (1):	i love to butt fuck goats
adv sent (0):	i iike to butt fuck goats

orig sent (1):	jewish invention ''
adv sent (0):	jewish fabrication ''

orig sent (1):	manual trans automatic trans rebuilt trans
adv sent (0):	manual trans automatic trans reconstructed trans

orig sent (1):	wait , mohammad come back ! ! i did n't mean to laugh , really size doesh't matter to me lol
adv sent (0):	wait , mohammad incoming back ! ! i did n't mean to amusing , totally sizes doesh't matters to me jk

orig sent (0):	when you 've been released from fb jail knowing full well you have n't been rehabilitated and will reoffend
adv sent (1):	when you 've been ridding from fb imprisoning recognising full well you have n't been rehabilitating and will reoffend

orig sent (1):	is it a boy or a girl it 's a bomb
adv sent (0):	is it a boy or a girl it 's a bombs

orig sent (0):	sorry i'm late having tranny problems
adv sent (1):	sad i'm late having trans problems

orig sent (0):	where do they get their weapon \?
adv sent (1):	where have they learn their howitzer \?

orig sent (0):	rev up those gas chambers
adv sent (1):	rev up those gas chamber

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	if you think it 's okay for iran to have nukes , but not okay for law abiding americans to have guns you might be a dumbass
adv sent (1):	if you contemplation it 's aight for iran to recieve nukes , but not okay for law tireless americans to have guns you might be a dumbass

orig sent (0):	can i have my razor back please \?
adv sent (1):	can i have my shaving back please \?

orig sent (0):	found this old photo of our grand parents on their quad
adv sent (1):	found this longtime photo of our grand parents on their quad

orig sent (0):	i hope the electoral college gets beat in the ncaa tournament
adv sent (1):	i hope the voted college gets beat in the ncaa competitiveness

orig sent (0):	immigrants illegal aliens the difference is obvious
adv sent (1):	immigrants secret aliens the difference is obvious

orig sent (0):	sorry , bill , but where you 're going , they wo n't be frozen but they 'll still be long and brown
adv sent (1):	appologize , bill , but where you 're going , they wo n't be frozen but they 'll still be lengthy and brownish

orig sent (0):	if i have a dollar and you have 20 dollars then i have 21 dollars
adv sent (1):	if i have a dollar and you have 20 bucks then i get 21 cents

orig sent (0):	how we see muslims how muslims see us
adv sent (1):	how we see mosques how mosques see we

orig sent (0):	has one night stand but way too many books to fit on it
adv sent (1):	has one night stand but paths too many books to fit on it

orig sent (0):	how i see black people getting trolled on the internet
adv sent (1):	how i see triad people reaching trolled on the lnternet

orig sent (0):	you 're asking people for 5 cents a day \? but you had money to fly here and make a commercial \?
adv sent (1):	you 're requesting folks for 5 penny a day \? but you had resources to airplanes here and brings a commercial \?

orig sent (1):	storm in they ca n't rape us all
adv sent (0):	storm in they ca n't viola us all

orig sent (1):	north american pavement ape
adv sent (0):	north american street ape

orig sent (0):	america in reality do n't let the media divide us !
adv sent (1):	america in reality accomplished n't let the media divide us !

orig sent (0):	when the democrats investigate trump for over 2 years and the only thing they uncover is their own crimes
adv sent (1):	when the democrats investigate trump for over 2 years and the only ding they uncover is their own crimes

orig sent (1):	dear diary today op was a faggot
adv sent (0):	dear functionary today op was a faggot

orig sent (0):	when your mom is mopping the floor and tells you to pick up your feet
adv sent (1):	when your mom is mopping the floor and tell you to pick up your feet

orig sent (0):	so then i was going to tell a princess diana joke but that would have crashed and burned
adv sent (1):	so then i was going to chatter a princess diana humor but that would have crashed and burned

orig sent (0):	ah , quit your screaming i washed my paws in the toilet bowl after i used the litterbox
adv sent (1):	ah , quit your screaming i washed my paws in the loo bowl after i used the litterbox

orig sent (0):	dulux color chart matt black gloss black
adv sent (1):	dulux color chart caleb black gloss black

orig sent (0):	when you 're having an airheaded year
adv sent (1):	when you 're making an airheaded year

orig sent (0):	joe biden fought side by side with racist robert bird to stop school desegregation ! groper joe gave the eulogy at kkk leaders funeral
adv sent (1):	joe biden strove side by side with racist robert bird to stop school desegregation ! groper joe gave the eulogy at kkk leaders funeral

orig sent (0):	when you 're trying to impress your man
adv sent (1):	when you 're wanting to impress your man

orig sent (0):	anyone who has been paying attention knows the biggest threat to an innocent persons life in america is the police like if you agree
adv sent (1):	anyone who had been remitted heed realise the biggest threat to an impeccable persons life in america is the cop like if you agrees

orig sent (0):	why did paul walker cross the street \? he was n't wearing a seatbelt that is wrong correct he actually burnt up in the car
adv sent (1):	why took paul walker cross the pavement \? he was n't wearing a seatbelt that is specious correct he actually ablaze up in the vehicular

orig sent (0):	when you hear noises at night and its just goats
adv sent (1):	when you savoir noises at night and its just goats

orig sent (0):	trouble with a bully \? load up on pcp and show that fucker who 's boss !
adv sent (1):	trouble with a bully \? load up on pcp and show that dipshit who 's boss !

orig sent (0):	he told me he was a democrat i asked if i could borrow a tampon
adv sent (1):	he chatted me he was a democrat i inviting if i could borrow a tampons

orig sent (0):	ask me a dumb question again
adv sent (1):	praying me a doofus question again

orig sent (1):	when halloween has been a month ago , but your son continues to dress as a woman
adv sent (0):	when halloween has been a month ago , but your kid continues to dress as a female

orig sent (0):	the banality of evil
adv sent (1):	the trite of evil

orig sent (0):	when mum tells you to rinse the vegetables
adv sent (1):	when mum tells you to lava the vegetables

orig sent (1):	when you do a fat rail but you still feel down
adv sent (0):	when you do a fat handrail but you still feel down

orig sent (1):	that 's right goat fucker i 'll triple tap your muslim ass
adv sent (0):	that 's exact goat fucker i 'll triple tap your muslim ass

orig sent (0):	i vote republican because i may not have much , but republicans will make sure others have even less
adv sent (1):	i vote republican because i may not have much , but republicans will make sure others have even meager

orig sent (0):	when an indian goes for walk with his dog
adv sent (1):	when an indian goes for walk with his doggy

orig sent (1):	who can deny the cash chambers
adv sent (0):	who can deny the cash chamber

orig sent (1):	what do you mean happy columbus day \?
adv sent (0):	what do you mean welcome columbus day \?

orig sent (0):	oh you talk so tough from behind your keyboard tell me again what a badass you are
adv sent (1):	oh you talk so tough from behind your keyboard apprised me again what a badass you are

orig sent (0):	the most confusing moments
adv sent (1):	the most confusing days

orig sent (0):	how dare you criticize me , a woman of color
adv sent (1):	how dare you lashes me , a woman of color

orig sent (0):	fuck outta here go on , git !
adv sent (1):	fucking outta here go on , git !

orig sent (0):	arabs how they think they look how they actually look
adv sent (1):	arabs how they insights they sight how they actually look

orig sent (1):	felling cute might fuck a goat later idk
adv sent (0):	felled cute might fuck a goat later idk

orig sent (0):	fuck it my final thought before making most decisions
adv sent (1):	fucking it my final thought before making most decisions

orig sent (1):	all men are dogs so which breed is your dad \?
adv sent (0):	all men are dogs so which breed is your pope \?

orig sent (0):	you 're telling me i ca n't pick my bedtime but i can pick my gender \?
adv sent (1):	you 're tell me i ca n't pick my bedtime but i can pick my gender \?

orig sent (1):	it says right here we can bang goats
adv sent (0):	it says right here we can shitless goats

orig sent (0):	when your friend plays rap music on the way to a kkk meeting dude , you 're embarassing me in front of the wizards
adv sent (1):	when your friend plays rap music on the way to a kkk meeting dude , you 're humiliate me in front of the wizards

orig sent (0):	and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother ! and i even got a job in congress ! these americans are so stupid ! ! !
adv sent (1):	and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother ! and i even got a job in congress ! these americans are so moron ! ! !

orig sent (0):	when there 's nothing left to drink and your mom says we have a faucet
adv sent (1):	when there 's nothing left to drinking and your mom says we have a faucet

orig sent (0):	i have an idea do n't listen to any of mine
adv sent (1):	i enjoys an idea do n't staring to any of mine

orig sent (0):	breaking news the people do n't believe our bullshit anymore
adv sent (1):	breaking news the person do n't believe our fiddlesticks anymore

orig sent (0):	some people are like old tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the fucking picture
adv sent (1):	some people are like yesteryear tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the damn picture

orig sent (0):	we '' protects pedophiles from being prosecuted
adv sent (1):	we '' protects molesting from being striven

orig sent (1):	blind people will be so happy when they see these new emojis
adv sent (0):	blind people will be so glad when they see these new emojis

orig sent (0):	a lynching in indiana in the early 30s
adv sent (1):	a burnings in indiana in the early 30s

orig sent (0):	breaking news the people do n't believe our bullshit anymore
adv sent (1):	breaking news the person do n't believe our fiddlesticks anymore

orig sent (0):	i 've been told by a vegan that i should grow my food , not hunt it does anyone know how to grow bacon \?
adv sent (1):	i 've been tell by a vegan that i should grow my food , not hunt it does anyone know how to grow bacon \?

orig sent (0):	how a woman tells society she is single
adv sent (1):	how a woman submits society she is exclusive

orig sent (1):	i slipped and fell on black ice i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my wallet was gone
adv sent (0):	i slipped and fell on black icy i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my wallet was gone

orig sent (0):	who 's down for a 3 5 way
adv sent (1):	who 's down for a 3 5 mode

orig sent (0):	truth be told the real reason for racism
adv sent (1):	truth exists told the real reason for semitism

orig sent (1):	nein shawty its ya bday anne frankly i hope you celebrate it with bae
adv sent (0):	nein shawty its ya bday anne frankly i hope you commemorative it with bae

orig sent (0):	'' shoot them
adv sent (1):	'' slay them

orig sent (0):	why do i bother pressing one for english \? i still get someone who ca n't speak it ! !
adv sent (1):	why have i bother press one for english \? i equally gets anyone who ca n't talking it ! !

orig sent (0):	the pope flies to greece to tell christians to love muslims i'm just curious , why does n't he fly to iraq
adv sent (1):	the pope flies to greece to announce catholicism to love muslims i'm just curious , why does n't he hovering to iraq

orig sent (1):	rise of the planet of the apes \( 1963 \)
adv sent (0):	escalating of the planet of the apes \( 1963 \)

orig sent (0):	when you told her you was going to fuck her till she was stupid
adv sent (1):	when you avowed her you was going to fucking her till she was mindless

orig sent (0):	when you catch your goat with another man ya done fucked up
adv sent (1):	when you catch your goat with another man ya done damned up

orig sent (0):	just trying to do my part
adv sent (1):	just aspire to do my part

orig sent (0):	me want some ribs \? chinese person no me want some ribs made from house pets \? chinese person
adv sent (1):	me want some ribs \? chinese whosoever no me want some ribs made from house pets \? chinese personalities

orig sent (0):	i think if people want to wipe out reminders of slavery segregation white supremacy we might consider getting rid of the democratic party
adv sent (1):	i think if people yearn to erasing out reminders of slavery splitting white reign we might considering acquiring liberated of the democratic party

orig sent (0):	62 5 tons of get the fuck outta my way
adv sent (1):	62 5 tons of get the fuck outa my way

orig sent (0):	redneck word of the day twerk imma have a few beers before i get back twerk
adv sent (1):	redneck phrase of the day twerk imma have a few beers before i get back twerk

orig sent (0):	when someone messages you when you 're jerkin it who the hell is interrupting my kung fu \?
adv sent (1):	when everyone notifications you when you 're jerkin it who the chrissake is halted my shaolin fu \?

orig sent (0):	what 's that burning \? oh it 's my family
adv sent (1):	what 's that fire \? oh it 's my family

orig sent (0):	listen up sweetheart and let this sink in i never owned any slaves and you never picked any cotton here ends the lesson i dont owe you shit
adv sent (1):	hear up sweetheart and enables this sink in i never owned any slaves and you never deciding any cotton here ends the lesson i realy owe you shit

orig sent (1):	i like my refugees like this '' '' ''
adv sent (0):	i like my evacuees like this '' '' ''

orig sent (0):	i ca n't leave my light beer alone in the fridge witht he dark one anymore
adv sent (1):	i ca n't departure my light beer alone in the fridges witht he dark one addition

orig sent (0):	when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
adv sent (1):	when you found your wife is deluding on you ya allah

orig sent (0):	about 1 2 of the human population has red hair
adv sent (1):	about 1 2 of the human population has red cornrows

orig sent (0):	when you 've waited 40 years to be king , but your mother refuses to die
adv sent (1):	when you 've waited 40 years to be king , but your mother spurned to die

orig sent (0):	i do n't know what she 's fixing but mine just broke
adv sent (1):	i ca n't know what she 's fixing but mine just nailed

orig sent (1):	i'm an evolved monkey on a cartoon ball , nasa told me , its science bruh !
adv sent (0):	i'm an altered monkey on a cartoon promo , nasa told me , its sciences bruh !

orig sent (0):	i have a dream that one day my people will not act like animals
adv sent (1):	i have a dream that one day my people will not regs like animals

orig sent (0):	happy and stupid
adv sent (1):	happy and idiotic

orig sent (0):	white kids be like i ca n't watch this
adv sent (1):	white childhood be like i ca n't watch this

orig sent (0):	what is girlfriend \? addition of problems , subtraction of money multiplication of enemies , division of friends
adv sent (1):	what is fiance \? additions of problems , subtraction of monies multiplication of enemy , division of friends

orig sent (0):	take that monkey shit off ! you embarassin' us
adv sent (1):	taking that chimpanzees poop off ! you embarassin' us

orig sent (1):	your milkshake brings all the tards to the yard
adv sent (0):	your milkshake casts all the tards to the yard

orig sent (1):	this is a snakes mouth it all makes fucking sense now
adv sent (0):	this is a snakes larynx it all makes fucking sense now

orig sent (0):	here 's to you obama ! let 's have a drink !
adv sent (1):	here 's to you obama ! let 's have a beverage !

orig sent (0):	jihadi magazine 's miss december
adv sent (1):	jihadi magazine 's madame december

orig sent (0):	mom this horse smells funny !
adv sent (1):	mom this horse sniff funny !

orig sent (0):	so i guess a handjob is out of the question
adv sent (1):	so i believe a handjob is out of the question

orig sent (0):	jamal lying andre lyons hakeem lyons
adv sent (1):	jamal lie andre lyons hakeem lyons

orig sent (0):	which one has tranny problem \? '' those tranny problems
adv sent (1):	which one has tranny problem \? '' those tranny anxieties

orig sent (0):	proof you do n't have to fly a plane into a building to destroy a nation !
adv sent (1):	proving you do n't have to flying a plane into a building to ravage a countries !

orig sent (0):	at the isis strip club meanwhile
adv sent (1):	at the isis strip gym meanwhile

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	dude i'm joking grandma did n't use your pacifier as a butt plug
adv sent (1):	gaillard i'm joking grandma did n't use your pacifier as a butt plug

orig sent (1):	when it 's 1942 and you 're jewish dj khaled suffering from ss
adv sent (0):	when it 's 1942 and you 're jewish dj khalid suffering from ss

orig sent (1):	when your memes spread faster than stds at gay bars i 've got the power
adv sent (0):	when your memes spread rapid than stds at gay bars i 've got the power

orig sent (0):	socialism people line up waiting for bread capitalism bread is lined up waiting for people see the difference
adv sent (1):	socialism nationality line up trusts for bread capitalism toasted is lined up waiting for people see the difference

orig sent (0):	when you 're the only one who does n't bring a bottled water to hiking
adv sent (1):	when you 're the only one who does n't take a bottled water to hiking

orig sent (0):	a muslim walks into a gay bar bartender what will it be \? muslim free shots for everyone !
adv sent (1):	a muslim walks into a gay bar bartending what will it be \? muslim free shots for everyone !

orig sent (1):	so i bent him over like this and i made sure he felt the lord inside him
adv sent (0):	so i bent him over like this and i filed sure he felt the jesus inside him

orig sent (0):	what part of i did n't find shit do you libtards not understand \?
adv sent (1):	what part of i did n't discovers shit do you libtards not knowing \?

orig sent (1):	fresh out of bradford bomb jovi
adv sent (0):	gentle out of blackburn blasting jovi

orig sent (1):	intense game of twister auschwitz 1942
adv sent (0):	drastic game of twister auschwitz 1942

orig sent (1):	black hebrew israelite strong delusion warning \( 2thess , 2 10 12 \) yes this is a cult gal 1 8 9 rev 22 18 19
adv sent (0):	black hebrew rabbinical strong disillusion warning \( 2thess , 2 10 12 \) yes this is a cult gal 1 8 9 rev 22 18 19

orig sent (0):	what does n't kill you gives you a sick sense of humor miss t
adv sent (1):	what does n't kill you gives you a sick sense of humor luciana t

orig sent (0):	ribbed condoms do n't even taste like ribs
adv sent (1):	spandex condoms am n't even taste like ribs

orig sent (0):	we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
adv sent (1):	we can kill as many as we want and your mindless government keeps bringing us in

orig sent (1):	we got my blind cousin a puppy for christmas
adv sent (0):	we arrive my random cousin a puppy for christmas

orig sent (0):	tuesday , january 17 , 2017 your legacy had less than 72 hours left and most of it could be undone with a pen and phone in less than 20 minutes
adv sent (1):	mondays , february 17 , 2017 your legacy did less than 72 hours departs and most of it could get unconnected with a pen and mobiles in less than 20 mins

orig sent (0):	i will find you and and what my apologies , i have dialed the wrong number
adv sent (1):	i gonna find you and and what my apologies , i have dialed the untrue number

orig sent (0):	if i'm indicted , i 'll take half of dc with me actually , i 'll be sending half of dc with you
adv sent (1):	if i'm indicted , i 'll having halfway of dc with me actually , i 'll coming mailed midst of dc with you

orig sent (1):	let 's play word scramble n g e g i r
adv sent (0):	let 's play word precipitous n g e g i r

orig sent (0):	nevr forget you said we did n't forget and we are fighting this together
adv sent (1):	nevr forget you said we did n't forget and we are fending this together

orig sent (0):	pakistanis when indian pages posts any posts
adv sent (1):	pakistani when indian pages seats any posts

orig sent (0):	calling white people racist is racism
adv sent (1):	wondering belo folks supremacists is semitism

orig sent (0):	when i interview for a job do we get our resumes back or do you keep them \? because i only have the one , and i have a chili recipe on the back that i really wanna keep
adv sent (1):	when i talking for a job do we get our resumes back or do you keep them \? because i only have the one , and i have a chili recipe on the back that i really wanna keep

orig sent (0):	what your ancestors were doing july 4 , 1776 what dummies do today for july 4th
adv sent (1):	what your ancestors were perform april 4 , 1776 what dummies do dates for july 4th

orig sent (1):	i do n't always jihad but when i do i kill the disabled
adv sent (0):	i do n't ever jihad but when i do i kill the disabled

orig sent (0):	suspect is a male wearing clothing , kinda looks like a mountain panda but i do n't want to assume
adv sent (1):	perp is a male wearing outfits , kinda looks like a mountain panda but i been n't want to assume

orig sent (0):	if democrats really cared about election interference then why are they so against voter id laws \?
adv sent (1):	if democrats wholeheartedly liked about election intercede then why are they tad against voter id laws \?

orig sent (0):	newl y released pictures of life after the green new deal
adv sent (1):	newl y announced pictures of life after the green new deal

orig sent (0):	when somebody waves at me in messenger the fuck you want \?
adv sent (1):	when noone waves at me in messenger the cunt you want \?

orig sent (0):	i'm going to be real honest with you you should have washed this motherfucker before coming here
adv sent (1):	i'm going to coming real honesty with you you shoud have washed this bastard before inward here

orig sent (1):	started playing hide and seek with dad been looking for him for 25 years
adv sent (0):	incurred playing hide and seek with fathers been looking for him for 25 years

orig sent (1):	when she says do n't cum in me but you know she 'll make a great single mother
adv sent (0):	when she says do n't cum in me but you know she 'll make a overwhelming single mother

orig sent (0):	interracial dating somting like that
adv sent (1):	interracial date somting like that

orig sent (0):	today we are making vegetable soup
adv sent (1):	today we are doing vegetable soup

orig sent (1):	instead of being born again why not just grow up \?
adv sent (0):	instead of being arisen again why not just amplify up \?

orig sent (1):	when you 're feeling horny asf but your habibi is on periods let 's try a goat
adv sent (0):	when you 're feeling hearty asf but your habibi is on periods let 's intention a goat

orig sent (0):	breakyourownnews com live breaking news coca cola 2 released 21 33 ustad anwar rilis released
adv sent (1):	breakyourownnews com live breaking newsletter coca cola 2 released 21 33 ustad anwar rilis released

orig sent (0):	got crap for brains \? \? \? make sure you wear your diaper
adv sent (1):	got codswallop for brains \? \? \? make sure you wear your diaper

orig sent (0):	when she asks you to send a dick pic and your dick is in her mom 's mouth
adv sent (1):	when she wondering you to submitting a dick pic and your dick is in her mom 's mouth

orig sent (0):	my buddy was telling me he cries during sex i was like , you fuckin bitch then i realized he 's in prison
adv sent (1):	my buddy was telling me he cries during coitus i was like , you fuckin bitch then i realized he 's in prison

orig sent (0):	mr wilson you have to take your pill with water you ca n't crush it up and snort it off my tits
adv sent (1):	sir wilson you have to adopts your pill with water you headquarter n't crush it up and snort it off my titty

orig sent (0):	before he was a 'pow' he killed 120 us crewmen unseal his records john mccain american fraud uss forrestal fire july 29 1967 research it google you tube
adv sent (1):	before he was a 'pow' he culled 120 us submariners unseal his records john mccain american rigging ssu forrestal blazing aug 29 1967 research it google you casing

orig sent (0):	this muslim guy is walking his goats
adv sent (1):	this muslim guy is strolling his goats

orig sent (0):	after blowing on an n64 cartridge oh fuck put it back in !
adv sent (1):	after blowing on an n64 cartridge oh fuck presents it back in !

orig sent (1):	when black dick just ai n't cutting it anymore
adv sent (0):	when black dick just ai n't cuts it anymore

orig sent (1):	men 's shaving map transbender shaving map
adv sent (0):	men 's shaving map transbender hairs map

orig sent (0):	a mother speaking to her deaf child using sign language
adv sent (1):	a mother speaking to her deaf petit recourse sign languages

orig sent (0):	238 , 000 veterans have died waiting for healthcare u s increases aid to israel to 4 5 billion yr
adv sent (1):	238 , 000 veterans have died waiting for healthcare u s heighten helped to israel to 4 5 billion yr

orig sent (0):	if you 're easily offended and looking for a safe place my page ai n't it move along snowflake
adv sent (1):	if you 're easily offends and looking for a innocuous place my page ai n't it circulate along snowflake

orig sent (0):	how much did the holla cost \?
adv sent (1):	how much did the holla royalty \?

orig sent (0):	cereal in the bowl first or milk in the bowl first it really be like that
adv sent (1):	cheerios in the bowl first or milk in the bowl first it really be like that

orig sent (0):	as fbi director , i do n't always overlook criminal activity but when i do it 's because i found my suicide note while going through hillary 's emails
adv sent (1):	as fbi director , i do n't always overlooking criminal pursuits but when i do it 's because i found my suicidal note while going through hillary 's emails

orig sent (0):	when you see your goat with another man
adv sent (1):	when you view your goat with another man

orig sent (0):	even michelle obama has her bad days
adv sent (1):	even michelle obama has her awry days

orig sent (0):	just got angry all over again thinking about how zola made unathi umsunu nationally saying unoxolo is just a friend kodwa akana address akana bellas then how the fuck is she your friend the lies ! the lies !
adv sent (1):	just took angry all over again thinking about how zola put unathi umsunu nationally mentioning unoxolo is just a pals kodwa akana adress akana bellas then how the damnit is she your friendships the untruth ! the is !

orig sent (1):	incest never goes wrong
adv sent (0):	incest never goes amiss

orig sent (0):	pelosi slams trump after he gets mexico to cave , says threats temper tantrums are no way to negotiate foreign policy why is she so mad that trump got mexico to finally help us stop illegal immigration \?
adv sent (1):	pelosi criticise trump after he reaches mexico to cave , say intimidating temper tantrums are no way to bargains foreign strategies why is she tad hysterical that trump got yucatan to eventually pomoc us stop illegal exodus \?

orig sent (0):	the shot you never hear
adv sent (1):	the shot you never hearing

orig sent (0):	give a man an opportunity and he 'll run with it
adv sent (1):	give a man an opportunity and he 'll manage with it

orig sent (0):	go to the winchester , have a pint and wait for this all to blow over
adv sent (1):	spend to the winchester , have a pint and wait for this all to burst over

orig sent (0):	adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
adv sent (1):	incorporating coolant when the farm equipment overheats

orig sent (0):	when she finally has your own month
adv sent (1):	when she finally has your own mio

orig sent (0):	what we are doing to lgbtq is not right we should give them love
adv sent (1):	what we are doing to lgbtq is not right we should provides them love

orig sent (0):	if you hear people from my past speak of me keep in mind they are speaking of a person they do n't even know anymore
adv sent (1):	if you heard people from my past said of me kept in mind they are referring of a someone they been n't even know anymore

orig sent (0):	stupid people , she was elected to help not to demise
adv sent (1):	mindless people , she was elected to help not to demise

orig sent (0):	jewish men supporting a politician on views that are important to them
adv sent (1):	jewish fellas supporting a politician on views that are important to them

orig sent (1):	rashida tlaib in traditional 'palestinian garb'
adv sent (0):	rashida tlaib in conventional 'palestinian garb'

orig sent (0):	muslim men thinking about jannah
adv sent (1):	muslim guys thinking about jannah

orig sent (0):	when you find out your neighbors stole your goats
adv sent (1):	when you find out your neighbour hopped your goats

orig sent (1):	my black boy friend
adv sent (0):	my black boy colleague

orig sent (0):	my wife 's sister tried to kill me yesterday what kind of sick bitch puts chloroform on her dirty panties \?
adv sent (1):	my missus 's sis tempted to kill me mondays what tipo of crazy biatch mentions chloroform on her revolting panties \?

orig sent (0):	i need all stolen , funny offensive memes posted right here expeditiously ! ! !
adv sent (1):	i need all stealing , funny offensive memes granted right here expeditiously ! ! !

orig sent (0):	hello dispatch , white folks are celebrating killing other white folks for land that ai n't theirs
adv sent (1):	hello dispatch , white folks are celebrating died other white folks for land that ai n't theirs

orig sent (0):	nobody is trying to take your guns ! we only want to make you register them , restrict transfers , ban certain guns , limit magazine capacity , prohibit carrying them , ban or limit ammo , make other arbitrary laws , and , if we catch you violating any of these made up rules , throw you in prison at which point we will take your guns !
adv sent (1):	nobody is trying to grabs your guns ! we only strives to make you register them , bounded transfers , ban certain guns , limit magazine capacity , prohibit carrying them , ban or limit ammo , make other arbitrary laws , and , if we catch you break any of these made up rules , throw you in confinement at which point we go take your guns !

orig sent (0):	when someone asks to be my friend
adv sent (1):	when noone asks to be my friend

orig sent (0):	game of throne team are thinking about building a documentary about hitler
adv sent (1):	game of throne team are thinking about building a documentary about fhrer

orig sent (0):	here to collect my reparations check
adv sent (1):	here to collect my recourse check

orig sent (0):	my shirt is so tight it barely fits
adv sent (1):	my shirt is so tight it alone fits

orig sent (0):	dumb and happy
adv sent (1):	idiot and happy

orig sent (0):	nasa employees after stealing the moon be like boys will be boys
adv sent (1):	nasa labor after stealing the moon be like boys will be boys

orig sent (0):	you mad \? yeah , you 're mad
adv sent (1):	you mad \? yeah , you 're loca

orig sent (0):	also , my best friend emma says fuck off forever and ever
adv sent (1):	also , my best friend emma says cunt off forever and ever

orig sent (0):	look at what i just built with all the sand that fell out of your vagina
adv sent (1):	seem at what i just built with all the sand that fell out of your vagina

orig sent (0):	old people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
adv sent (1):	oldest people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals

orig sent (0):	you bro ask the c o why he ai n't pop my door
adv sent (1):	you bro ask the c o why he ai n't grampa my doorway

orig sent (0):	like if you see the issue do n't give it away can you see it \?
adv sent (1):	like if you consult the problem do n't confer it away can you see it \?

orig sent (0):	when a stranger suddenly helps you
adv sent (1):	when a strangers suddenly helps you

orig sent (0):	when the muslim kids in your class start hanging out with you
adv sent (1):	when the muslim kids in your kinds start hanging out with you

orig sent (0):	seriously mate what 's the fuckin point \?
adv sent (1):	seriously mate what 's the harlots facet \?

orig sent (1):	diversity is our greatest strength
adv sent (0):	varying is our hardest strength

orig sent (1):	faceswap ching chong 100
adv sent (0):	faceswap qing huan 100

orig sent (0):	i'm getting too old for fighting and arguing if we have a problem , i 'll tell you whats up either we fix it and move on or stop fucking with each other and move on fuck all thatextra shit
adv sent (1):	i'm getting too older for fights and argue if we haya a woes , i 'll warned you whats up either we fix it and move on or stop fucking with each other and move on fucking all thatextra bollocks

orig sent (0):	a group of baboons is called a congress it 's all clear to me now
adv sent (1):	a group of baboons is called a congress it 's all discernible to me now

orig sent (0):	what part of i did n't find shit liberals do you not understand \?
adv sent (1):	what part of i did n't discovered shit liberals do you not realising \?

orig sent (0):	you ca n't run through a camp ground you can only ran , because it 's past tents
adv sent (1):	you wo n't runs through a camping terrain you can only ran , since it 's earlier tent

orig sent (0):	will you tell the cat bullying is not okay \?
adv sent (1):	dedication you tell the cat bullying is not right \?

orig sent (0):	how can this be allowed a free home and benefits \? when this man was allowed to die on the streets after serving this country
adv sent (1):	how can this be let a free home and benefits \? when this man was enabling to perish on the pavement after contributing this country

orig sent (0):	mexicans hugging and kissing walls and fences , to show their love for border controls
adv sent (1):	latinos hugging and kissing walls and fences , to show their love for border controls

orig sent (0):	actually no , my post was n't about you but if the shoe fits , feel free to lace that bitch up wear it
adv sent (1):	actually no , my post was n't about you but if the shoe fits , feel free to lace that biatch up wear it

orig sent (1):	it 's not rape it 's a cuddle with a struggle
adv sent (0):	it 's not rape it 's a snuggle with a struggle

orig sent (0):	when they ask for fire extinguisher and you reply i do n't smoke
adv sent (1):	when they apps for fire extinguisher and you reply i do n't puffing

orig sent (0):	thirsty much \?
adv sent (1):	thirsty sizable \?

orig sent (0):	banned guns in 1935 then killed 65 million unarmed people
adv sent (1):	prohibition guns in 1935 then culled 65 million unguarded people

orig sent (0):	when your goat tells you oh no ! she ai n't on the pill
adv sent (1):	when your goat declares you oh no ! she ai n't on the pill

orig sent (0):	those primaries got rigged for hillary and then , for no particular reason at all a journalist got himself charged a dnc staffer got himself shot and them democrats started blaming russia and just like that everyone forgot about the dnc rigging them primaries
adv sent (1):	those primaries got rigged for hillary and then , for no particular reason at all a journalist got himself charged a dnc staffer got himself shot and them democrats started blaming russia and just like that everyone forgot about the dnc rigging them primeval

orig sent (1):	give me the bread or i 'll kick you pregnant transgender
adv sent (0):	give me the bread or i 'll kick you expectant transgender

orig sent (0):	trump ca n't swing it
adv sent (1):	trump headquarter n't swinging it

orig sent (0):	all you motherfuckers love a petty offensive page until that same petty page offends your mother fucking ass
adv sent (1):	all you wussies lover a petty offensive page until that same modest page amuses your mother fucking ass

orig sent (0):	you 're telling me i ca n't bring peanut butter to school but you can bring measles \? \?
adv sent (1):	you 're telling me i ca n't bring peanut butter to school but you can bring vaccines \? \?

orig sent (1):	asian drivers test went as expected
adv sent (0):	asian drivers test went as anticipate

orig sent (0):	during sex i suddenly stopped and didnt move she what are you doing \? me hush bitch , i seen this on pornhub , its called buffering
adv sent (1):	during sex i suddenly ending and didnt move she what are you doing \? me hush bitch , i seen this on pornhub , its called buffering

orig sent (0):	middle eastern prostitute
adv sent (1):	middle eastern hooker

orig sent (0):	you 'd be angry too if you just found out your goat was cheating on you
adv sent (1):	you 'd be mad too if you just found out your goat was cheating on you

orig sent (0):	it 's called a joke we used to tell them before people became offended by everything
adv sent (1):	it 's called a jokes we used to proclaims them before man becoming slur by everything

orig sent (0):	how much did that haircut cost
adv sent (1):	how much did that hairstyle royalty

orig sent (0):	if that fuckin bastard wins , we 're all going to hang from nooses ! you better fix this shit ! hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17 , 2016
adv sent (1):	if that motherfuckin dimwit wins , we 're all going to hang from nooses ! you better remedied this damn ! hilary potus inbox to donna brazile october 17 , 2016

orig sent (0):	show me an american ghetto and i 'll show you a place where democrats are in power
adv sent (1):	exhibit me an american ghetto and i 'll showcases you a pleasure where gop are in capacities

orig sent (1):	you are allowed to drive \? no , i took a magic carpet ride here
adv sent (0):	you are allowed to drive \? no , i took a wizardry carpet ride here

orig sent (1):	dating , let alone marrying a g rl who is not a virgin literally makes you a cuck , change my mind
adv sent (0):	dated , let alone marrying a g rl who is not a virgin literally makes you a cuck , change my mind

orig sent (0):	how black people became christians
adv sent (1):	how nigger man became christians

orig sent (0):	european rats in the 15th century i'm about to end man
adv sent (1):	european rodent in the 15th century i'm about to end man

orig sent (1):	if these females do n't stop liking our content i 'll kill them
adv sent (0):	if these females do n't ceasing liking our content i 'll kill them

orig sent (0):	really \? eating pork is gross but marriage to a minor is n't \?
adv sent (1):	really \? eating pork is shameless but marriage to a kiddo is n't \?

orig sent (0):	armed patrols on the streets
adv sent (1):	armed patrols on the thoroughfare

orig sent (1):	i know you should n't laugh at 9 11 jokes but their just , plane hilarious
adv sent (0):	i know you should n't laugh at 9 11 gags but their just , plane humorous

orig sent (1):	cameraman i do n't understan psychic kid trust me this will be really funny someday
adv sent (0):	cameraman i do n't understan psychic kid trust me this hope be really funny someday

orig sent (0):	fuck , my mom is gonna kill me fuck , my mom is gonna kill me
adv sent (1):	fuck , my mom is gonna kill me fuckin , my mom is gonna kill me

orig sent (1):	teacher who can tell me what are the best flammable materials \? jewish kid me me me teacher ok , what else
adv sent (0):	teacher who can tell me what are the decent flammable materials \? jewish kid me me me teacher ok , what else

orig sent (0):	i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
adv sent (1):	i should not be expected to pledging loyalty to any country encompasses americana markus actor ilhan omar quotations

orig sent (0):	send me location
adv sent (1):	shipment me location

orig sent (0):	now that the russia collusion myth is over are you ready for the counter punch \?
adv sent (1):	now that the russia collusion myth is over are you ready for the counters punch \?

orig sent (0):	72 dead in syrian chemical attack ha rookie numbers
adv sent (1):	72 perish in syrian chemical attack ha rookie numbers

orig sent (0):	inahales deeply there are some good memes to harvest today
adv sent (1):	inahales deeply there are some good memes to harvest time

orig sent (1):	leo varadkar stars in 'tranny without a fanny' coming soon in dail anal
adv sent (0):	leo varadkar stars in 'tranny without a fanny' entered soon in dail anal

orig sent (1):	its national hebrew day go pick up a hot girl
adv sent (0):	its national hebrew dated go pick up a hot girl

orig sent (1):	yo dawg i heard you liked chinese food so we killed your cat
adv sent (0):	yo dawg i heard you liked chinese nourishment so we killed your cat

orig sent (0):	how you gotta treat girls with smart mouths
adv sent (1):	how you gotta treat babes with smart mouths

orig sent (0):	to see better , aisians sometime switch to fullscreen veiw
adv sent (1):	to see prettier , aisians sometime switch to fullscreen veiw

orig sent (0):	a sheik business man wearing his tradition thawb
adv sent (1):	a sheikh business man wearing his tradition thawb

orig sent (0):	im really sorry that your not feeling well today but im still gonna need a sandwich
adv sent (1):	im really sorry that your not feeling well day but im still gonna essentials a sandwich

orig sent (0):	do you have any idea how black you were going
adv sent (1):	got you have any idea how black you were going

orig sent (0):	no i'm on my period no i have diarrea
adv sent (1):	no i'm on my span no i acres diarrea

orig sent (0):	today in the news more 'peaceful terrorists blowing up shit
adv sent (1):	today in the news more 'peaceful qaida blowing up shit

orig sent (0):	people who speed why should i slow down \?
adv sent (1):	burgers who haste why should i slow down \?

orig sent (0):	some people are n't your friends they 're just scared to be your enemies
adv sent (1):	some people are n't your chummy they 're just scared to be your enemies

orig sent (0):	honey badger do n't care
adv sent (1):	honey skunk do n't care

orig sent (0):	black men ! think ! killing each other is like killing soldiers in your own army
adv sent (1):	black fellas ! believe ! killing any other is like killing soldiers in your own army

orig sent (0):	bitch please i'm native american
adv sent (1):	cocksucker please i'm native american

orig sent (0):	if you kill your enemies , they win justin trudeau share if this is the dumbest comment ever by anyone
adv sent (1):	if you kill your enemies , they win justin trudeau share if this is the silliest comment ever by anyone

orig sent (0):	when your fifth wife eats grass from another guys hand
adv sent (1):	when your fifth wife devour grass from another guys hand

orig sent (0):	healthcare is a right and the government should pay for it guns are a right , should the government pay pay for them too \?
adv sent (1):	healthcare is a right and the vlado needs pay for it guns are a right , should the government pay pay for them too \?

orig sent (0):	or we 'll kill you stop making fun of our peaceful religion
adv sent (1):	or we 'll kill you stopping fact fun of our peaceful religion

orig sent (0):	it 's called fuck off and it 's located over there
adv sent (1):	it 's called goddam off and it 's located over there

orig sent (0):	like if you agree defending the border is not a political option it is a constitutional obligation
adv sent (1):	like if you consensus protection the border is not a political option it is a constitutional dedication

orig sent (0):	bull shit , the evolved form of nonsense
adv sent (1):	bull gawd , the evolved form of hogwash

orig sent (0):	they fear us waking up from the bull shit , and taking back what was stolen from us
adv sent (1):	they scares our waking up from the bull horseshit , and taking back what was stole from us

orig sent (0):	gays hanging out in the muslim world
adv sent (1):	heterosexuals hanging out in the muslim world

orig sent (0):	so cohen has a history of intentional dishonesty from lying to congress , lying to the irs , lying about his wife 's 's birth lying to banks and he even took millions as an insider consultant without informing trump but dems trust his testimony to be truthful lol !
adv sent (1):	so horowitz has a history of volunteered perjury from dishonesty to capitol , lying to the irs , lying about his wife 's 's pregnancies mens to banks and he even took millions as an insider counsellors without informing trump but dems trust his proves to have truthful lol !

orig sent (0):	they want this not beause they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
adv sent (1):	they want this not beause they love you they imperative to mix breed to preserve their species

orig sent (0):	i'm looking for the democrat restroom
adv sent (1):	i'm looking for the democrat loo

orig sent (0):	i'm not a racist
adv sent (1):	i'm not a racism

orig sent (0):	that look when your father sells you for a goat
adv sent (1):	that look when your father vending you for a goat

orig sent (0):	i was going to make an anal sex joke butt fuck it
adv sent (1):	i was going to make an anal sex joke butt freaking it

orig sent (0):	'' wing wing wing ''
adv sent (1):	'' izz wing wing ''

orig sent (0):	now i'm gonna use two fingers
adv sent (1):	now i'm gonna use two toes

orig sent (0):	vote for the candidate who wants to kiss babies not kill them
adv sent (1):	ballot for the candidate who gonna to kiss luv not kill them

orig sent (1):	now at home depot check out the new kenyan fly strip
adv sent (0):	now at home depot inspect out the new kenyan fly strip

orig sent (0):	women can wear what they want you dont have the right to ban the burka its basic democracy
adv sent (1):	women can wear what they want you dont have the right to ban the burka its basic republics

orig sent (0):	look son an idiot
adv sent (1):	look son an dimwit

orig sent (0):	post this on your timeline just to piss off your trump supporter friends
adv sent (1):	post this on your timeline just to urinate off your trump supporter friends

orig sent (0):	and that was the last time we let jr feed himself
adv sent (1):	and that was the previous time we let jr feed himself

orig sent (1):	i'm a firm believer in the seperation of islam and the planet
adv sent (0):	i'm a firm believer in the seperation of moslems and the planet

orig sent (0):	when leadership says it 's not mandatory but it 's highly encouraged ! ! !
adv sent (1):	when leadership indicate it 's not mandatory but it 's highly encouraged ! ! !

orig sent (0):	i just sharted my protein shake
adv sent (1):	i just sharted my molecule shake

orig sent (0):	when you messed up your shave again
adv sent (1):	when you goofed up your shave again

orig sent (0):	democrats this is what they look like
adv sent (1):	gop this is what they look like

orig sent (0):	hello ! may i please speak with jesus \? cause these folks gonna make me break at least 4 of the ten commandments
adv sent (1):	hello ! may i please speak with jesus \? cause these folks gonna make me smash at least 4 of the ten commandments

orig sent (0):	and in this corner , weighing in at 140 lbs
adv sent (1):	and in this corner , weight in at 140 lbs

orig sent (1):	islam is love ! ariana grande yeah if you 're a goat
adv sent (0):	islam is iike ! ariana grande yea if you 're a goat

orig sent (0):	i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she got a fine for littering
adv sent (1):	i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she recieve a fine for littering

orig sent (0):	did somebody say hump day
adv sent (1):	did someone say hump day

orig sent (0):	truth be told the real reason for racism
adv sent (1):	truth exists told the real reason for semitism

orig sent (1):	tell me about american history \? fuck i know about american history \? i thought we wiped all those people out \? i'm a european born in america
adv sent (0):	tell me about american history \? fuck i knowledge about american history \? i thought we wiped all those people out \? i'm a european born in america

orig sent (0):	life is hard , it 's harder when you 're stupid
adv sent (1):	life is hard , it 's harder when you 're idiotic

orig sent (1):	when you find out there 's an opening for the role of chewbacca
adv sent (0):	when you find out there 's an paving for the role of chewbacca

orig sent (0):	the military finally sent this man back to his family
adv sent (1):	the military finally submit this man back to his family

orig sent (0):	i'm not saying that i hate donald trump but i 'd unplug his life support to charge my cellphone
adv sent (1):	i'm not saying that i hates donald trump but i 'd reconnecting his life support to fresh my cellphone

orig sent (0):	what did you say \? i did n't quite catch that
adv sent (1):	what did you say \? i did n't quite seize that

orig sent (0):	lol she thinks she 's a goat
adv sent (1):	lol she think she 's a oxen

orig sent (1):	how you guys think they look like but when pados wale pandit sees you
adv sent (0):	how you guys think they visualise like but when pados wale pandit sees you

orig sent (0):	your rights end where my feelings begin
adv sent (1):	your rights ending where my moods begin

orig sent (0):	when the beat drops in the synagogue
adv sent (1):	when the tops drops in the synagogue

orig sent (0):	do you think when fish get thrown back by fishermen , they swim around yelling about alien abductions and the other fish stop talking to them \?
adv sent (1):	have you think when fish get thrown back by fishing , they swim around whining about alien deflect and the other fish quitting deliberation to them \?

orig sent (1):	put'n the ham in mohamed
adv sent (0):	put'n the ham in mohammad

orig sent (0):	when you and your homie load each other 's dishwashers
adv sent (1):	when you and your homie load both other 's dishwashers

orig sent (1):	motor neurone awards 2018 winner best t rex impression
adv sent (0):	drivers neurone awards 2018 winner better t rex impression

orig sent (0):	i do n't know how people wear these everyday feels like this to me
adv sent (1):	i could n't know how nationals wear these everyday feels like this to me

orig sent (0):	this thread needs more bacon
adv sent (1):	this thread should more bacon

orig sent (1):	the best game of all time farming simulator 1848
adv sent (0):	the alright game of all time farming simulator 1848

orig sent (0):	a girl asks her mom , why am i black and you 're white \? she says , the way that party went , you 're lucky you do n't bark
adv sent (1):	a girl wondering her mom , why am i black and you 're branko \? she says , the way that party went , you 're lucky you do n't bark

orig sent (0):	openly states that america and americans are both immoral boinked her own brother
adv sent (1):	naturally submits that america and americana are both immoral boinked her own brother

orig sent (0):	the i'm not black but my kids will be face
adv sent (1):	the i'm not black but my kids will be faces

orig sent (0):	the ku klux klan killed 3446 blacks in a span of 86 years since 2016 blacks killed 1891 other blacks in chicago alone
adv sent (1):	the ku klux klan culled 3446 darkies in a expansion of 86 centuries since 2016 negroes killed 1891 other negroes in chicago alone

orig sent (1):	hi , i'm nate i'm a lesbian in recovery
adv sent (0):	hello , i'm randy i'm a homosexual in recovery

orig sent (0):	if a dishwasher wore pants , would it wear them like this or like this
adv sent (1):	if a dishwashers centred pants , would it wear them like this or like this

orig sent (0):	just because you have a beard , it does n't mean you 're a man last time i checked vaginas can grow hair too
adv sent (1):	just because you have a beard , it does n't mean you 're a man last time i checked vaginas can grow hairstyles too

orig sent (0):	hey lets go see if that kid wants to run around with us great idea
adv sent (1):	hello lets go see if that kid wants to runs around with we great ideas

orig sent (1):	picked up 2 new pillows and dishwasher at the flee market winner winner chicken dinner
adv sent (0):	chose up 2 ny pillows and dishwasher at the flee market winner won chicken ate

orig sent (0):	release your tax returns i emailed it to you
adv sent (1):	frees your taxes returns i emailed it to you

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	when a dog' s been bad when a cat 's been bad
adv sent (1):	when a dog' s been bad when a cat 's been wicked

orig sent (1):	i like my coffee like i like my slaves extra dark
adv sent (0):	i like my cafeteria iike i like my serfdom additive dark

orig sent (0):	when the lot lizard says she 'll do anything for 10
adv sent (1):	when the lot lizard submits she 'll does anything for 10

orig sent (0):	if you think ms 13 gang members are human , but 20 week old fetuses are n't you might be a democrat
adv sent (1):	if you contemplation ms 13 gang member are mankind , but 20 weekend yesteryear womb are n't you might be a republicans

orig sent (0):	nothings impossible
adv sent (1):	nothings implausible

orig sent (0):	i'm going to choke her with nuts bitches love choking on nuts
adv sent (1):	i'm going to choke her with nuts pussies love choking on nuts

orig sent (1):	found a picture of your mother 's womb
adv sent (0):	encountered a portrayal of your mother 's womb

orig sent (0):	this one 's called dirty deeds done with sheep
adv sent (1):	this one 's called wicked deeds done with sheep

orig sent (0):	14 million kids living in poverty in america but democrats fight for illegals
adv sent (1):	14 million jugend living in poverty in america but evangelicals fight for illegals

orig sent (1):	i love black people , think everyone should have one
adv sent (0):	i luv black people , think everyone should have one

orig sent (0):	how my friends play strategy games how i play strategy games do really look like a guy with plan
adv sent (1):	how my buddies play strategy games how i play strategy games do really look like a guy with plan

orig sent (1):	it 's super rare to find a kitchen that has four ovens and three dishwashers
adv sent (0):	it 's funky uncommon to find a kitchen that has four hob and three dishwashers

orig sent (0):	some pussy gave me flowers weird , i just wanna get railed by a scummy biker
adv sent (1):	some pussy gave me flowers weird , i just wanna get railed by a shitheel biker

orig sent (1):	islam is the religion of peace piece of you over here , piece of you over there
adv sent (0):	islam is the religion of nonviolence piece of you over here , piece of you over there

orig sent (0):	april 15th is coming bitches better have my money memegenerator ne bitches better have my money
adv sent (1):	nov 15th is coming bitches better enjoys my monies memegenerator wo bitches better enjoys my dough

orig sent (0):	the most racist people are the ones crying racist all the time !
adv sent (1):	the most racist peoples are the ces wept ethnicity all the lifespan !

orig sent (0):	my life goal \? make somebody this fucking triggered
adv sent (1):	my life goal \? make somebody this christ triggered

orig sent (0):	time to get rotissified
adv sent (1):	time to have rotissified

orig sent (0):	musslamic democrat , ilhan omar , has threatened members of congress she 's 's told several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma to give them a taste of her culture share to say arrest her now !
adv sent (1):	musslamic gop , ilhan omar , has vowed members of congress she 's 's told several republicans that she 'll lading them shawarma to give them a taste of her culture share to say arrested her now !

orig sent (0):	i will not let america turn into another nation of islam ! ! ! ! ! !
adv sent (1):	i goes not abandoning america turn into another nation of islam ! ! ! ! ! !

orig sent (0):	i'm so patriotic , i piss red , white , and blue my doctor said it may be pancreatic cancer i told him to shut his commie mouth
adv sent (1):	i'm so patriotic , i tinkle red , white , and blue my doctor said it may be pancreatic cancer i told him to closing his commie mouth

orig sent (1):	life has its ups and i have downs
adv sent (0):	living has its ups and i have downs

orig sent (0):	i ai n't got time for this i'm too grown
adv sent (1):	i took n't get time for this i'm too grown

orig sent (0):	53 of white women voted for trump 53 of white women should look like this
adv sent (1):	53 of white feminine approval for trump 53 of white women should look like this

orig sent (0):	starving mexican monkey eating peanuts
adv sent (1):	hunger mexican monkey eating peanuts

orig sent (0):	what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase a branch manager
adv sent (1):	what do you call a black fella in a tree with a pocketbook a branch manager

orig sent (0):	welcome , we are a muslim brotherhood
adv sent (1):	welcome , we are a islam brotherhood

orig sent (1):	after sex selfies usa croatia germany
adv sent (0):	after pornography selfies usa croats germany

orig sent (0):	everyday i understand the phrase i'm getting too old for this shit on an even deeper level
adv sent (1):	everyday i understand the phrase i'm getting too older for this freaking on an even deeper level

orig sent (0):	you snooze you lose !
adv sent (1):	you slumber you lose !

orig sent (1):	a new target for entry level police academy
adv sent (0):	a recent target for entry level police academy

orig sent (0):	how to get a black guy to see his baby
adv sent (1):	how to get a black fella to see his baby

orig sent (0):	i could have tranquilized that gorilla and i could have grabbed that kid what kid \?
adv sent (1):	i could am tranquilized that gorilla and i could have grabbed that kid what kid \?

orig sent (0):	government \? should austrailia start helping out the black communist murdered and killed by who are being brutally white south africans
adv sent (1):	governments \? could austrailia beginnings helping out the black communist murdered and killed by who are being wickedly blank south africans

orig sent (0):	last one there is a rotten fish
adv sent (1):	last one there is a untoward fish

orig sent (0):	i put the ape in rape
adv sent (1):	i put the ape in raping

orig sent (0):	if they were really fighting for our freedom this is what it would look like
adv sent (1):	if they were perfectly firefight for our liberate this is what it would look like

orig sent (1):	me saving refugees nice try
adv sent (0):	me saving refugees fine try

orig sent (0):	converted to muslim \? why would you think that
adv sent (1):	converted to muslim \? why would you thoughts that

orig sent (0):	when someone calls you by your gaming name in public
adv sent (1):	when anybody calls you by your gaming name in public

orig sent (0):	when you remember you have leftovers in the fride when you realize someone ate it before you got home
adv sent (1):	when you remember you have leftovers in the fride when you realize elses ate it before you got home

orig sent (0):	when you have 3 choco puffs left in your cereal bowl
adv sent (1):	when you have 3 choco glimmers abandon in your cereal bowl

orig sent (0):	when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch disconnect from your soul
adv sent (1):	when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch unbuckle from your soul

orig sent (0):	i see dickheads everywhere they do n't even know they 're dickheads
adv sent (1):	i admire dickheads everywhere they know n't even know they 're arses

orig sent (0):	maybe if we overpaid teachers and underpaid rappers , there 'd be smarter kids and less shitty music ! yeayah
adv sent (1):	admittedly if we overpaid school and overpaid rappers , there 'd pose brainy kids and less wicked cappella ! yeayah

orig sent (0):	what 's big , yellow and ca n't swim \? a bus full of children
adv sent (1):	what 's big , yellow and ca n't swim \? a bus full of toddlers

orig sent (0):	on my way to daycare got me like
adv sent (1):	on my way to preschool got me like

orig sent (1):	i will never be assassinated because all the crazy white trash people with guns are my biggest fans !
adv sent (0):	i will never coming assassinated because all the crazy white trash people with guns are my biggest fans !

orig sent (0):	white people is this a shooting range
adv sent (1):	beli people is this a shooting range

orig sent (0):	shout out to my nsa agent giving my memes 1 view even before i submit them
adv sent (1):	shout out to my nsa agent provides my memes 1 view even before i furnish them

orig sent (0):	the school shootings will continue until we take your gun rights away
adv sent (1):	the school shootings will continuing until we take your arms raison away

orig sent (1):	my sense of humor is so dark it picks this
adv sent (0):	my sense of funny is so dark it picks this

orig sent (0):	trump is engaged in a cover up hes guilty of obstructing our attempt to frame him
adv sent (1):	trump is initiated in a covered up hes responsible of prevents our tempting to frame him

orig sent (1):	what in the cousin humpin , skoal spittin , busch light drinkin , winston smokin , restraining order havin , mullet rockin , trailer park treasure is this ! \?
adv sent (0):	what in the cousin humpin , skoal spittin , busch light drinkin , winston smokin , restraining order havin , mullet rockin , trailer park hoard is this ! \?

orig sent (1):	bert looks down in horror , as he hears cookie monster and ernie start to masturbate to the autism documentary they are watching
adv sent (0):	bert looks down in horror , as he hears cookie monster and ernie start to masturbate to the autism documenting they are watching

orig sent (1):	i like my coffe like i like my slaves extra dark
adv sent (0):	i like my decaffeinated like i like my slaves flattering dark

orig sent (1):	the name 's todd retodd
adv sent (0):	the named 's snyder retodd

orig sent (0):	when you 're at your batchelor party and you realize that all the money in the stripper 's g string has your grandma 's picture on it
adv sent (1):	when you 're at your batchelor party and you realization that all the monies in the stripper 's g string has your grandma 's picture on it

orig sent (0):	guess whose house was n't raided by the fbi \?
adv sent (1):	imagining whose maison was n't raiding by the presidium \?

orig sent (1):	pet niguana for sale ! ! come with food dish , a few toys , and a screen lid so it ca n't get out 300 obo
adv sent (0):	pet niguana for sale ! ! incoming with food dish , a few toy , and a screens lid upon it wo n't get out 300 obo

orig sent (0):	it 's not because you 're muslim anti semitic anti america
adv sent (1):	it 's not because you 're muslim anti assyrian contrasting americana

orig sent (0):	time for liberals to start crying again
adv sent (1):	time for liberals to start wept again

orig sent (0):	someone stole my identity look , someone stole my identity maybe they will make something out of my life
adv sent (1):	person hopped my identities considering , cares hopped my identity admittedly they will make something out of my lives

orig sent (1):	when my autistic son finds out we 're having chicken for dinner
adv sent (0):	when my autistic son finds out we 're having chicken for diner

orig sent (0):	and there goes another hater
adv sent (1):	and there subsides another hater

orig sent (0):	if this offends you might be lack you toes intolerant
adv sent (1):	if this offends you might be lack you toes bigots

orig sent (0):	the look your dad gives your when you dont make curfew
adv sent (1):	the look your dad brings your when you dont make curfew

orig sent (1):	muslim porn star
adv sent (0):	muslim pornography star

orig sent (0):	educate our kids about domestic violence
adv sent (1):	educate our toddlers about domestic barbarian

orig sent (1):	weeeeeee ! back over the border you go !
adv sent (0):	weeeeeee ! back over the border you expend !

orig sent (0):	hooded female anti semite democrat early 20th century hooded female anti semite democrat early 21st century
adv sent (1):	hooded female confrontational semites pelosi quickest 20th century hooded female anti semite congo early 21st century

orig sent (1):	just got a bootleg copy of muslim porn deep goat
adv sent (0):	just got a bootleg copy of muslim porn underlying goat

orig sent (0):	farrakhan speech at united center in chicago breaking news nation of islam members listen to minister louis
adv sent (1):	farrakhan speech at united center in chicago sprain news nation of islam members listen to minister louis

orig sent (1):	i think i 've got a gas leak , i woke up this morning feeling all light headed and dizzy , so just to be on the safe side , i asked the neighbours if they could come suss it out for me , i figureed they 'd know , being jewish and all
adv sent (0):	i think i 've got a gas leaked , i woke up this morning feeling all light headed and woozy , so just to exists on the safe side , i asked the neighbours if they could come suss it out for me , i figureed they 'd know , being jewish and all

orig sent (0):	when you fall face first in the mud
adv sent (1):	when you fall face first in the gravel

orig sent (1):	hey bro close your eyes bro yes bro \? ok bro go deeper o yeah abdul
adv sent (0):	hey bro close your eyes bro verywell bro \? ok bro go deeper o yeah abdul

orig sent (0):	the stocks were a public torture device that immobilized the feet of the punished person
adv sent (1):	the stock were a public torturing device that numb the feet of the punish ones

orig sent (1):	hating the jews is a great honor for me and it makes me walk with my head high
adv sent (0):	hating the jews is a whopping honor for me and it renders me walk with my head high

orig sent (0):	the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
adv sent (1):	the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congressman

orig sent (0):	i do n't think my porn finished downloading
adv sent (1):	i ca n't think my porn finished downloading

orig sent (0):	ever notice christians are horrible drivers
adv sent (1):	ever notice christians are monstrous drivers

orig sent (0):	3 jewish prisoners after being liberated by the ussr auschwitz 1945 colorized
adv sent (1):	3 bible custody after being liberated by the ussr belsen 1945 colorized

orig sent (1):	i have a dream thats me with the belt
adv sent (0):	i have a daydream thats me with the belt

orig sent (0):	just say yes to socialism jim carrey dumb and dumber was a movie not a lifestyle
adv sent (1):	just says yes to socialist jamie carey silent and dumber was a movies not a lifestyles

orig sent (0):	this is how harvey price has grown over the years
adv sent (1):	this is how harvey priced has grown over the years

orig sent (1):	i like my korean women the way i like my microwaves hot , clean and will kill any baby i put inside of it
adv sent (0):	i like my korean women the way i like my microwaves hot , unadulterated and wants kill any baby i filed inside of it

orig sent (0):	when someone is talkin to you and you gotta shit
adv sent (1):	when someone is talkin to you and you gotta poo

orig sent (0):	according to women , there are 3 men in this pic
adv sent (1):	depending to feminine , there are 3 men in this pic

orig sent (0):	see \? i fuckin told you ! little foil on top keeps them jewsy
adv sent (1):	see \? i fuckin told you ! little thwart on top keeps them jewsy

orig sent (1):	do you know how to use an oven ! or do i need to dig up hitler so he can show you !
adv sent (0):	do you understand how to use an oven ! or making i need to dig up hitler so he can showed you !

orig sent (0):	anymore pictures \? im kiddin let me pose
adv sent (1):	now pictures \? im kiddin let me pose

orig sent (0):	my wife asked me if i thought her friend was pretty apparently , i 'd lick her her asshole is the wrong answer !
adv sent (1):	my wife asked me if i thought her friend was pretty apparently , i 'd lick her her dickhead is the wrong answer !

orig sent (0):	i just squirted tranny fluid
adv sent (1):	i just squirted tranny lubricating

orig sent (1):	when black is your favorite color
adv sent (0):	when black is your liked color

orig sent (1):	being republican is as easy as laundry you just separate the whites from the colors
adv sent (0):	being republican is as unadulterated as laundry you just separate the whites from the colors

orig sent (0):	when you get to choose your own mental illness
adv sent (1):	when you get to choose your own mental unwell

orig sent (0):	you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean now it 's my turn to send my justice seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons let 's see how you all come out ! ! !
adv sent (1):	you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean now it 's my turn to submitting my justice endeavours patriots after you and your decadent goons enabled 's see how you all come out ! ! !

orig sent (0):	when you get paid when you check your bank account after paying bills
adv sent (1):	when you get rewarded when you check your bank account after paying bills

orig sent (0):	when they laugh at your 9cm but you have n't even reached puberty yet
adv sent (1):	when they hilarious at your 9cm but you have n't even reached adulthood yet

orig sent (0):	whatever we once were we are still one nation
adv sent (1):	whatever we once were we are encore one nation

orig sent (0):	if you think we need protection from these people but not these people , you 're a special kind of stupid
adv sent (1):	if you thoughts we gotta protects from these person but not these ones , you 're a phenomenal sorted of idiotic

orig sent (0):	religion of peace \? before every one understands that slam is the i mean , how many more times they have to do this i can kind of understand why muslims get so frustrated
adv sent (1):	religion of peace \? before every one understands that slam is the i mean , how many more times they have to do this i can kind of understand why muslims get once indignant

orig sent (1):	sea monkeys
adv sent (0):	sea nonhuman

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	yup says so right here you got me fucked up
adv sent (1):	yup says so right here you got me freakin up

orig sent (0):	my eyes are always bloodshot after sex i think it 's from the pepper spray
adv sent (1):	my eyes are always bloodshot after sex i think it 's from the pepper sprayed

orig sent (0):	here 's to the mothers who raised normal kids and to the select few who raised us awesome fuckers
adv sent (1):	here 's to the mothers who raised normal kids and to the select few who raised us awesome jackasses

orig sent (0):	love black people think everyone should have one
adv sent (1):	love black folks think everyone should have one

orig sent (0):	up his sleevies where did hitler where \? keep his armies \?
adv sent (1):	up his sleevies where did hitler where \? conserve his armies \?

orig sent (0):	obama voters
adv sent (1):	obama precincts

orig sent (0):	an expensive gas bill \? i did nazi that coming
adv sent (1):	an treasured gas bill \? i become soviet that happen

orig sent (0):	warning smoking kills
adv sent (1):	warning smoking reaps

orig sent (0):	mein feelings have been hurt
adv sent (1):	mano feelings have been defaced

orig sent (0):	let 's gather everyone for family photo , where are my daughters \?
adv sent (1):	leash 's collections everyone for family photo , where are my daughters \?

orig sent (0):	if he 's marrying me then why 's he fucking a goat
adv sent (1):	if he 's marrying me then why 's he damn a goat

orig sent (0):	just think of this as the day the bad music died
adv sent (1):	just believe of this as the day the bad music died

orig sent (0):	fuck banks and all their fees
adv sent (1):	gorram banks and all their fees

orig sent (0):	how dare people make fun of our peaceful religion
adv sent (1):	how adventurous people make fun of our peaceful religion

orig sent (0):	we are returning to work after the photo
adv sent (1):	we are returning to work after the gallery

orig sent (0):	starts nazi party and wages war on other cultures
adv sent (1):	starts soviet party and winnings war on other cultures

orig sent (0):	when the dope man tells you you 're onna have to earn a front but i poop from there
adv sent (1):	when the dope man mention you you 're onna have to earn a front but i pooping from there

orig sent (0):	all races are equal
adv sent (1):	all races are egalitarian

orig sent (0):	hahahaha this sucks , man
adv sent (1):	hahahaha this worries , man

orig sent (1):	every man needs a decent coffee maker
adv sent (0):	every dude needs a decent coffee maker

orig sent (1):	you 're never lonely at farmersownme
adv sent (0):	you 're never alone at farmersownme

orig sent (0):	you know you 're getting older when you walk by 3 priests and do n't even get a look
adv sent (1):	you realize you 're gaining older when you foot by 3 priests and fait n't even learned a behold

orig sent (0):	adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
adv sent (1):	incorporating coolant when the farm equipment overheats

orig sent (0):	we have 3 apples we give away 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast
adv sent (1):	we have 3 apples we give away 2 apples now calculating the radius on the bomb blast

orig sent (1):	what would i do if she got pregnant
adv sent (0):	what would i do if she got expectant

orig sent (0):	let them pursue their happiness
adv sent (1):	enable them pursue their happiness

orig sent (1):	say it again jerry i shoot ilegals
adv sent (0):	tells it again jerry i shoot ilegals

orig sent (0):	interviewer can you demonstrate your problem solving abilities \? me
adv sent (1):	interviews can you demonstrate your problem solving abilities \? me

orig sent (0):	only in america could these people consider themselves the master race
adv sent (1):	only in america could these people consideration themselves the master race

orig sent (1):	this one time at camp we got so baked
adv sent (0):	this one time at camp we got so bakes

orig sent (0):	when your heading out to a convention with buddies and you get misdirected
adv sent (1):	when your heading out to a covenants with chummy and you get mistaken

orig sent (1):	moutain goats hide when they hear allah akbar because they here the goat fuckers are coming
adv sent (0):	moutain flocks hide when they hear allah akbar because they here the goat fuckers are coming

orig sent (1):	say allahu akbar again go ahead say it !
adv sent (0):	say allahu louder again go ahead say it !

orig sent (0):	you fucking liar that blowjob did nothing for my sore throat
adv sent (1):	you shafted cheating that blowjob did nothing for my sore throat

orig sent (1):	the greatest gift of life is friendship and jews stole it and have removed it from me
adv sent (0):	the greatest gift of life is friendship and jews stole it and hectare removed it from me

orig sent (0):	oh look someone 's returning a broken sandwich maker to walmart
adv sent (1):	oh look someone 's returning a smash sandwich maker to shop

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	when i finally find out who is responsible for my low gpa oh you gotta be shitting me
adv sent (1):	when i finally find out who is culpable for my little gpa oh you gotta be jokes me

orig sent (0):	slaves got whipped back in the day
adv sent (1):	enslavement got whipped back in the day

orig sent (1):	reacts in shea butter twitter
adv sent (0):	reacts in shea lard tweet

orig sent (0):	clown bait at its finest trumps economy is so bad that truck drivers have to buy their own trucks stacey abrams democrat response
adv sent (1):	dummy draw at its finest trumps economy is so bad that truck drivers have to buy their own trucks stacey abrams democrat response

orig sent (0):	we should make it harder for criminals to get guns if even to prevent one tragedy but let 's not make it harder for perverts to use the ladies room if even to prevent rape \? one
adv sent (1):	we could make it harder for criminality to get guns if even to inhibition one tragedy but let 's not make it harder for voyeur to utilise the ladies room if even to prevent rape \? one

orig sent (0):	i'm not a criminal i'm an undocumented felon
adv sent (1):	i'm not a felonious i'm an secret felon

orig sent (1):	when i have an orgasm it 's tranny fluid
adv sent (0):	when i have an ejaculate it 's tranny fluid

orig sent (0):	you 've heard of elf on a shelf , now get ready for
adv sent (1):	you 've heard of elf on a shelf , now achieves ready for

orig sent (1):	i may not be a smart man ilhan but i know what a jew hating islamist sounds like
adv sent (0):	i may not be a smart man ilhan but i know what a jew hatin islamist sounds like

orig sent (0):	when you find your best goat mating with the neighborhood runt
adv sent (1):	when you find your best goat mating with the neighborhood pup

orig sent (0):	she said i want a ring i said bitch take your phone off silent !
adv sent (1):	she noted i want a rings i said biatch taking your phone off quietness !

orig sent (0):	if yall daughters dancing like this they cant play with mines
adv sent (1):	if yall daughters dancing like this they realy play with mines

orig sent (0):	if you hold it up to your ear you can hear police
adv sent (1):	if you hold it up to your ear you can hear mounties

orig sent (0):	just another year and another wrinkle on the ole' nutsack happy birthday
adv sent (1):	just another year and another stroll on the ole' nutsack happy birthday

orig sent (0):	you think that hoe thinks you 're special lol she says that to us too !
adv sent (1):	you think that hoe deems you 're special lol she says that to us too !

orig sent (0):	cinco de mayo isnt even celebrated by most mexicans it 's just an excuse for white americans to get drunk
adv sent (1):	cinco de mayo realy even celebrated by most mexicans it 's just an excuse for white americans to get drunk

orig sent (0):	i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
adv sent (1):	i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbourhood a candle

orig sent (1):	anne franks nudes exposed
adv sent (0):	anne franks undressed exposed

orig sent (0):	wayment way' one gotdamn minute 'the fuckis dis shit
adv sent (1):	wayment way' one gotdamn minute 'the fuckis confess goddamnit

orig sent (0):	over 50 south africans lost their lives after police opened fire during a protest
adv sent (1):	over 50 south africans lost their lives after pops opened fire during a protest

orig sent (0):	look son another terror attack by peaceful bears !
adv sent (1):	look son another scare attack by peaceful bears !

orig sent (0):	i hope one day people will understand that english is a language not a measure of intelligence
adv sent (1):	i yearn one day people will confess that english is a language not a measurement of intellect

orig sent (1):	fact girls are very good at hockey because it 's the only sport you can compare with
adv sent (0):	fact girls are very ok at hockey because it 's the only sporting you can compare with

orig sent (0):	how come you want me to remember what 's important to you but tell me to get over what 's important to me \?
adv sent (1):	how come you want me to remember what 's vital to you but tell me to get over what 's important to me \?

orig sent (0):	i am tortured by the futility of my own genius
adv sent (1):	i am tortured by the insignificance of my own genius

orig sent (1):	asians be like switching to fullscreen mode
adv sent (0):	asians represent like switching to fullscreen procedures

orig sent (0):	mr president , epstein is still alive
adv sent (1):	mr president , epstein is anymore alive

orig sent (0):	chimps asking for food
adv sent (1):	chimps inviting for food

orig sent (0):	when you 're walking home and come across a naked corpse i should n't
adv sent (1):	when you 're walking home and come across a naked body i should n't

orig sent (0):	i promise i promise i promise i deliver
adv sent (1):	i promise i promise i promise i fulfilling

orig sent (0):	shut up you meathead
adv sent (1):	latch up you meathead

orig sent (0):	ca n't snort coke through a rolled up bitcoin
adv sent (1):	ca n't snort almonds through a rolled up bitcoin

orig sent (0):	the road to give a fuck is that way !
adv sent (1):	the road to give a damn is that way !

orig sent (0):	this dude wants to use the same restroom as your daughter liberals call you a bigot if you object
adv sent (1):	this dude desires to recourse the same washroom as your daughter liberals call you a bigot if you object

orig sent (0):	when they laugh about your 9cm in the change room but they have n't seen you 're 9 mm yet
adv sent (1):	when they laughs about your 9cm in the change rooms but they recieve n't been you 're 9 mm yet

orig sent (1):	when you 're caught staring at a goat and your wife gives you that face
adv sent (0):	when you 're caught stares at a goats and your wife gives you that face

orig sent (0):	let me be clear if i had a son , he would look like harambe
adv sent (1):	let me be discernible if i had a son , he would look like harambe

orig sent (0):	immigrant problem problem fixed
adv sent (1):	migrating hardship problems fixed

orig sent (1):	you know your country is multicultural when there 's armed patrols on the streets belgium germany france england
adv sent (0):	you understand your country is multicultural when there 's armed patrols on the streets belgium germany france england

orig sent (0):	hiroshima 1945 2016 detroit 1945 2016 moral of the story it 's easier to come back from a nuclear bomb than 5 decades of big gover government policies
adv sent (1):	hiroshima 1945 2016 detroit 1945 2016 morale of the story it 's easier to come back from a nuclear bomb than 5 decades of big gover gov politics

orig sent (0):	i may be blind but at least i'm not dead
adv sent (1):	i may remain blind but at least i'm not dead

orig sent (0):	when you 're the gay friend and also the meme lord
adv sent (1):	when you 're the gay friend and also the meme deity

orig sent (0):	i do n't think all of the suffering of african americans during the period of slavery can ever equate to what 's been done to white conservative americans in the past 8 years of obama 's presidency michelle bachman yes , she really said this ! conservatives are destroying our future cadof org
adv sent (1):	i do n't think all of the suffering of african americans during the period of slavery can ever equate to what 's been done to white conservative americans in the past 8 years of obama 's presidency michelle bachman yes , she really said this ! conservatives are obliterating our future cadof org

orig sent (1):	the name 's todd retodd
adv sent (0):	the named 's snyder retodd

orig sent (0):	that awkward moment when there 's no candy in the back
adv sent (1):	that awkward moment when there 's no tootsie in the back

orig sent (1):	oh boy i ca n't wait to go out and pray for allah on friday , march 15th 2019 12 30pm gmt at new zealand christchurch hello brother
adv sent (0):	oh boy i ca n't anticipation to go out and pray for allah on friday , march 15th 2019 12 30pm gmt at new zealand christchurch hello brother

orig sent (0):	y'all wanna see a stupid post
adv sent (1):	y'all yearn see a mindless post

orig sent (1):	best thing about an ethiopian blowjob \? you know shes gonna swallow ! ! ! well it 's true
adv sent (0):	best thing about an ethiopia blowjob \? you know shes desiring swallow ! ! ! well it 's actual

orig sent (0):	why are there so many female archeologist \? because bitches love digging up the past
adv sent (1):	why are there so many chick archeologist \? because bimbos love digging up the past

orig sent (0):	sure i shit talk the people i like but i shoot the people i do n't like so that has to count for something right \?
adv sent (1):	certain i crap talks the ones i like but i gunshot the folks i do n't liked so that has to count for something right \?

orig sent (1):	yeah okay nigger
adv sent (0):	yea okay nigger

orig sent (0):	i killed someone then i found out they were annoying
adv sent (1):	i killed someone then i found out they were troubling

orig sent (0):	america does n't need a gun ban it needs an idiot ban
adv sent (1):	americas got n't need a gun ban it needs an goofball prohibitions

orig sent (1):	great punching bag
adv sent (0):	gargantuan punching bag

orig sent (0):	similar to sharks because all the great ones are white
adv sent (1):	similar to sharks because all the great ones are polar

orig sent (0):	when you 're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun begins
adv sent (1):	when you 're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun beginning

orig sent (0):	sells you idea of heaven custom builds armored vehicle to avoid heaven as long as possible
adv sent (1):	sells you idea of heaven custom builds armored vehicle to impede heaven as long as possible

orig sent (0):	if you 're protesting against this man visiting the uk but protesting for this woman to return to the uk then you 're practicing your freedom of speech
adv sent (1):	if you 're protesting against this man visiting the uk but demonstrations for this woman to return to the uk then you 're workouts your freedom of words

orig sent (0):	trump says he does n't like suppressors well he 's a democrat so
adv sent (1):	trump submits he gets n't amore suppressors well he 's a pelosi alike

orig sent (0):	what a true rapist looks like
adv sent (1):	what a true molesting looks like

orig sent (0):	islamic state soldiers celebrating we should kill them all
adv sent (1):	islamic state soldiers celebrating we should killin them all

orig sent (1):	kylie 's pregnant i'm gonna be a tranpa !
adv sent (0):	kylie 's expectant i'm could be a tranpa !

orig sent (0):	welcome to feminism where everything is sexist and nobody understands but them
adv sent (1):	welcome to feminism where everything is chauvinist and nobody understands but them

orig sent (0):	fuck , my mom is gonna kill me fuck , my mom is gonna kill me
adv sent (1):	fuck , my mom is gonna kill me fuckin , my mom is gonna kill me

orig sent (0):	if you 're happy and you know it go to hell
adv sent (1):	if you 're happy and you know it go to god

orig sent (1):	thanks trump for my new job making america white again
adv sent (0):	congrats trump for my new job making america white again

orig sent (0):	if evolution is true then why are there still monkeys \? if the internet puts the totality of human knowledge at your fingertips , then why are there still idiots \?
adv sent (1):	if evolution is genuine then why are there yet monkeys \? if the internet puts the totality of human knowledge at your fingertips , then why are there still dipshits \?

orig sent (0):	america in reality do n't let the media divide us !
adv sent (1):	america in reality accomplished n't let the media divide us !

orig sent (1):	hello , maria \? yes your uber has arrived
adv sent (0):	hello , maria \? allright your friggin has arrived

orig sent (0):	family are gathered in the kitchen the mum is watching her son interact with his sister
adv sent (1):	family are gathered in the kitchen the mum is admiring her son interact with his sister

orig sent (0):	what is the difference between old milwaukee and a clitoris a clitoris only tastes like piss for a second
adv sent (1):	what is the difference between yesteryear milwaukee and a clitoris a clitoris only tastes like loo for a second

orig sent (1):	the granny and the tranny clinton obama 2020 democrat 's secret weapon for 2020
adv sent (0):	the granny and the tranny nixon obama 2020 democrat 's secret weapon for 2020

orig sent (1):	when you are on a cruise and you give the monkeys to much liqour
adv sent (0):	when you are on a cruise and you give the epa to much liqour

orig sent (1):	define nowfag i want it now !
adv sent (0):	define nowfag i dont it now !

orig sent (0):	let me be clear uh
adv sent (1):	let me happen obvious uh

orig sent (0):	gallows pure evil traitors nobody escapes this nobody america for sale down she goes these people are sick bring back the gallows ! she never thought she would lose until she did
adv sent (1):	gallows easy evil sinners nobody escapes this nobody america for sale down she goes these people are lll bring back the gallows ! she never thought she would lose until she did

orig sent (0):	when she finally has your own month
adv sent (1):	when she finally has your own mio

orig sent (1):	oh boy i cant wait to visit notre dame cathedral on april 15th 2019 fuck the french fuck the french bunch of gay cuckholds
adv sent (0):	oh boy i cant expect to visit notre dame cathedral on april 15th 2019 fuck the french fuck the french bunch of gay cuckholds

orig sent (0):	look son a fucking idiot
adv sent (1):	look son a fucking dimwit

orig sent (1):	what i'm really thinking when i like all your pictures
adv sent (0):	what i'm effectively thinking when i like all your pictures

orig sent (0):	so they rigged the elections , gave hillary the debate answers had dead people vote , tapped trumps phones , and they still lost !
adv sent (1):	so they phoney the elections , bestowed hillary the debate answers had dead people vote , tapped trumps phones , and they ever lost !

orig sent (0):	closing time one last call for green cards you dont have to go home but you cant stay here
adv sent (1):	closing time one last call for green cards you dont have to go home but you thats stay here

orig sent (0):	driver what am i supposed to do with this speeding ticket \? co officer keep it , when you collect four of them , you get a bicycle
adv sent (1):	motorist what am i suspecting to do with this speeding ticket \? capitan gendarme maintain it , when you collection three of them , you get a bicycles

orig sent (0):	hello brother wait is that a shotgun \?
adv sent (1):	hello brother wait is that a handgun \?

orig sent (1):	when the muslim pulls out a bomb from his bag it 's so fucking big
adv sent (0):	when the muslim pulls out a bombs from his bag it 's so fucking big

orig sent (0):	i asked him to see things from my point of view he looked out the kitchen window
adv sent (1):	i asked him to see things from my point of view he looked out the kitchens window

orig sent (0):	literally just a photo of the 1924 democratic convention
adv sent (1):	scarcely just a photo of the 1924 democratic convention

orig sent (0):	having a terrible day please post your most offensive joke in the comments i feel like sulking , but also laughing
adv sent (1):	having a terrible day please post your most offensive jokes in the comments i feel like sulking , but also laughing

orig sent (0):	it 's time for america to flush this turd
adv sent (1):	it 's occasion for estados to flush this poo

orig sent (0):	you 're asking people for 5 cents a day \? but you had money to fly here and make a commercial \?
adv sent (1):	you 're requesting folks for 5 penny a day \? but you had resources to airplanes here and brings a commercial \?

orig sent (0):	this is the result of letting muslims in
adv sent (1):	this is the result of allowing quran in

orig sent (0):	terrorist attacks innocent people with guns leaders want innocent people to give up their guns and become even more defenseless
adv sent (1):	terrorist explosion innocuous person with guns heads envy innocent human to furnishes up their pistols and constitute even more fragile

orig sent (0):	you cant post that
adv sent (1):	you cant assignments that

orig sent (0):	sharks do n't attack him why \? they think it 's whale shit
adv sent (1):	sharks soaps n't attack him why \? they think it 's whale damnit

orig sent (0):	what men want
adv sent (1):	what men wishes

orig sent (0):	they should not be allowed to have kids you made your choice bitch , now live with it !
adv sent (1):	they should not be helped to have kid you made your choice biatch , now live with it !

orig sent (1):	dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong , but i find it completely justified
adv sent (0):	dark humor is like hitler some people telephone it wrong , but i find it completely justified

orig sent (1):	face down ass up that 's the way we like allah
adv sent (0):	face down ass up that 's the way we amateur allah

orig sent (0):	my kids will never know that awful feeling of realizing there 's no vhs tape behind the box at the video store
adv sent (1):	my brats alacrity never acquaintance that awful feeling of realizing there 's no vhs strapping behind the box at the video store

orig sent (0):	who you gonna call \? ghostbusters
adv sent (1):	who you gonna call \? specter

orig sent (0):	when you have a screaming contest at the protest
adv sent (1):	when you have a screaming contest at the marchers

orig sent (0):	glad of growing up with this not this
adv sent (1):	happier of raise up with this not this

orig sent (0):	you 're telling me i ca n't pick my bed time \? what kind of household is this \? !
adv sent (1):	you 're saying me i ui n't decide my beds days \? what tipo of household is this \? !

orig sent (1):	when the squad is about to get lit
adv sent (0):	when the squad is about to get alight

orig sent (0):	white trash nation
adv sent (1):	white gangsta nation

orig sent (0):	sorry i'm late having car trouble
adv sent (1):	sorry i'm tard having car trouble

orig sent (1):	isis glory hole
adv sent (0):	isis repute hole

orig sent (1):	for the last time i'm not michelle obama
adv sent (0):	for the last times i'm not michelle obama

orig sent (0):	would you help give a push if you were ask
adv sent (1):	would you help let a push if you were require

orig sent (1):	open you hand tyrone , i know you stole it
adv sent (0):	open you hand tyrone , i know you stolen it

orig sent (0):	speaking to the house
adv sent (1):	talking to the house

orig sent (0):	feeling bored , let 's go to a mosque
adv sent (1):	feeling stud , let 's go to a mosque

orig sent (1):	if a man remembers the color of your eyes after a first date you have small boobs
adv sent (0):	if a man remembers the color of your eyeballs after a first date you have small boobs

orig sent (0):	we had a major crisis
adv sent (1):	we had a major doldrums

orig sent (0):	if this makes you a citizen does this make him family \?
adv sent (1):	if this makes you a burger does this make him family \?

orig sent (0):	give it back tyrone i know you took it
adv sent (1):	lend it back tyrone i know you took it

orig sent (0):	1 1024th native american 1024 1024th your president
adv sent (1):	1 1024th native latin 1024 1024th your president

orig sent (0):	you call me a goat fucker that is racist
adv sent (1):	you call me a goat motherfucker that is ethic

orig sent (0):	ask that dumb ass question again and i 'll head out
adv sent (1):	ask that witless ass question again and i 'll head out

orig sent (0):	you see an innocent child i see the perpetuation of systematig oppression
adv sent (1):	you see an innocent kid i see the perpetuation of systematig enslavement

orig sent (0):	goes on tinder instead of match com
adv sent (1):	goes on tinder additionally of match com

orig sent (0):	how high are you no officer , its hi , how are you \?
adv sent (1):	how high are you no plainclothes , its hi , how are you \?

orig sent (0):	le 40 suicide rate has arrived
adv sent (1):	le 40 martyrdom rate has arrived

orig sent (0):	i said a glass of juice
adv sent (1):	i said a glass of spice

orig sent (1):	watch out i 'll put a bomb in your car
adv sent (0):	watch out i 'll put a bombs in your car

orig sent (0):	if you 're protesting against this man visiting the uk but protesting for this woman to return to the uk then you 're a special kind of stupid
adv sent (1):	if you 're protesting against this man visitations the uk but protesting for this chick to return to the uk then you 're a phenomenal kind of idiotic

orig sent (1):	me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
adv sent (0):	me and the men after killing innocent people in a bomb blast

orig sent (0):	when you see your girl with another man
adv sent (1):	when you see your broads with another man

orig sent (0):	when it 's your first day in prison and you accidentally drop the soap but it lowkey was n't an accident this is when the fun begins
adv sent (1):	when it 's your first day in prison and you accidentally drop the soap but it lowkey was n't an accident this is when the fun commences

orig sent (0):	9 's on the stock bottom no your ls cant do that ! wait , im ls swapped
adv sent (1):	9 's on the stock bottom no your ls couldnt make that ! awaits , im sl swap

orig sent (0):	who burnt that popcorn \?
adv sent (1):	who torched that popcorn \?

orig sent (0):	you 're not wrong you 're just an asshole
adv sent (1):	you 're not wrong you 're just an bucko

orig sent (0):	way over there is where you go with that bullshit
adv sent (1):	way over there is where you go with that horseshit

orig sent (0):	what if i told you it 's racist to assume white people are racist
adv sent (1):	what if i narrates you it 's ethnicity to guessing bianchi people are racial

orig sent (0):	people with dwarfism arguing
adv sent (1):	people with dwarfism stressing

orig sent (0):	the pope says trump is not a christian because christians dont build walls vatican walls are 40 feet high
adv sent (1):	the pope avowed trump is not a cristian because christians dont creations walls vatican walls are 40 feet top

orig sent (0):	i will rise but i refuse to shine
adv sent (1):	i will rise but i repel to shine

orig sent (1):	thats a little savage
adv sent (0):	thats a scant savage

orig sent (1):	it 's gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes
adv sent (0):	it 's gettin hot in here still take off all ur clothes

orig sent (1):	thinking about avdol 's death remembering he was a muslim
adv sent (0):	thinking about avdol 's killing remembering he was a muslim

orig sent (0):	if being racist means i do n't want my country turned into a pile of rocks
adv sent (1):	if being racists pleas i fait n't wished my homeland transformed into a mantelpiece of stones

orig sent (0):	i am racist i vote for donald
adv sent (1):	i am ethnicity i vote for ronald

orig sent (1):	back in my day blowin a tranny was car trouble
adv sent (0):	back in my today blowin a tranny was car trouble

orig sent (0):	it 's a simple grammar question leeroy ! what cames at the end of a sentence \? parole \?
adv sent (1):	it 's a easy rereading regard leeroy ! what cames at the end of a sentence \? parole \?

orig sent (1):	just bought my first slow cooker !
adv sent (0):	just bought my first slow cooking !

orig sent (0):	violence is never the answer
adv sent (1):	violence is never the riposte

orig sent (0):	please follow proper safety protocal osha is there for a reason
adv sent (1):	please follow proper secure protocal osha is there for a motivates

orig sent (0):	a summary of every jewish holiday they tried to kill us , we won , let 's eat
adv sent (1):	a summary of every rabbinical holidays they tried to kill us , we won , let 's eat

orig sent (0):	i say , we knock off trump and then , go after pence we have the power maxine waters 9 17 2018 yes , she actually said this and then blames president trump for inciting violence
adv sent (1):	i declaring , we knock off trump and then , go after pence we have the power maxine waters 9 17 2018 yes , she actually said this and then reproach heads trump for temptation savagery

orig sent (0):	book about good and bad
adv sent (1):	book about good and wrong

orig sent (0):	i'm so old i remember telling people to eat my ass as an insult not a snack offer
adv sent (1):	i'm thereafter old i remember telling people to dined my ass as an insulting not a eating yielded

orig sent (0):	thug life until 10pm
adv sent (1):	gangsta life until 10pm

orig sent (0):	shit the dishwasher is broken again
adv sent (1):	goddamnit the hob is defaced again

orig sent (0):	what does your wife and a hand grenade have in common remove the ring and your house is gone
adv sent (1):	what does your wife and a hand grenade have in common abduct the ring and your home is going

orig sent (0):	what women think they 'll do when the economy collapses vs what they 'll actually do
adv sent (1):	what women feel they 'll been when the economies slumps versus what they 'll principally fait

orig sent (0):	life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon aids
adv sent (1):	life carried me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon aids

orig sent (0):	mother fixing her daughters hair
adv sent (1):	mother fixing her daughters barbershop

orig sent (0):	one girls peice of shit boyfriend is another drunk sluts prince charming
adv sent (1):	one girls peice of shit boyfriend is another drunk geeks prince charming

orig sent (1):	your pug is cute as hell that 's my son
adv sent (0):	your pug is cutie as hell that 's my son

orig sent (0):	teach you about him \? how can they if the romans killed christ
adv sent (1):	teach you about him \? how can they if the romans died christ

orig sent (0):	puts on sunblock does n't protect from harmful rays
adv sent (1):	puts on sunblock am n't protect from hurtful rays

orig sent (0):	a 12 week old fetus legal to kill in all 50 states can you imagine that wrapped in bacon \? \? \?
adv sent (1):	a 12 week old fetus legal to killin in all 50 states can you imagine that wrapped in bacon \? \? \?

orig sent (0):	if you havin' road problems i feel bad for you son i got 99 problems but this ditch aint one
adv sent (1):	if you havin' road worries i seeing adverse for you boy i achieved 99 trouble but this ditch didnt one

orig sent (0):	well there 's your problem your serpentine belt is the wrong size
adv sent (1):	so there 's your problem your serpentine belt is the wrong magnificence

orig sent (0):	if'm yous still 1 teef at 30 y'all do n't know how ta live
adv sent (1):	if'm yous still 1 teef at 30 y'all doing n't confess how ta live

orig sent (1):	muslim nibba lost his bag , help to find
adv sent (0):	muslim nibba lost his bags , help to find

orig sent (0):	watching news always confuses me , immigration , tax , government ! !
adv sent (1):	watching news always boggles me , immigration , tax , government ! !

orig sent (0):	when the human asks who knocked everything off the table awiens
adv sent (1):	when the human urge who rocked everything off the table awiens

orig sent (1):	america has stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews google it
adv sent (0):	america holds stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews google it

orig sent (0):	admit it , you sometimes listen to strangers conversations and think to yourself , you are a stupid motherfucker
adv sent (1):	admit it , you sometimes listen to externally conversations and think to yourself , you are a stupid dipshit

orig sent (0):	when you glue your ass shut so your uncle ca n't rape you survival
adv sent (1):	when you glue your ass finished so your uncle ca n't rape you survival

orig sent (1):	when you 're losing an argument against your black friend
adv sent (0):	when you 're lose an argument against your black friend

orig sent (0):	i will not look at her tits because she is my friend said no man ever
adv sent (1):	i will not look at her tits than she is my friend asserted no man ever

orig sent (0):	thats a makeup artist for you what did you expect \?
adv sent (1):	hahahaha a makeup artist for you what did you expect \?

orig sent (0):	destruction 100 restoration 100
adv sent (1):	annihilating 100 restoration 100

orig sent (0):	honor killings are part of our culture well then , it will be my honor to kill you all
adv sent (1):	honor killin are halves of our civilization well then , it will be my honored to kill you all

orig sent (0):	what if he was the second coming of christ certainly would explain his issue with jewish people
adv sent (1):	what if he was the second coming of christ certainly would explain his themes with jewish people

orig sent (0):	liberals are outraged by president trump 's lack of protocol when meeting the queen of england
adv sent (1):	liberalism are dismayed by president trump 's lack of memorandum when junket the queen of england

orig sent (0):	over 620 000 white people died to free black slaves so please lets cut the bullshit out jf16
adv sent (1):	over 620 000 white people died to free black slaves so please helps reduces the nonsense out jf16

orig sent (0):	fuck , my mom is gonna kill me fuck , my mom is gonna kill me
adv sent (1):	fuck , my mom is gonna kill me fuckin , my mom is gonna kill me

orig sent (0):	you like something that i do not particularly enjoy disgusting prepare to forfeit your life
adv sent (1):	you like something that i been not particularly enjoy disgusting prepare to amass your life

orig sent (0):	fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck !
adv sent (1):	fresh out of fb jail and ever not giving a fuck !

orig sent (1):	retarded all stars retarded team of the week
adv sent (0):	retarded all fame retarded team of the week

orig sent (1):	survives ebola gets adopted by angelina jolie
adv sent (0):	survives ebola get agreed by angelina jolie

orig sent (0):	then they gave me a crown of thorns and whipped me it was so hot i came twice
adv sent (1):	then they gave me a crown of thorns and horsewhipped me it was so hot i came twice

orig sent (0):	they said we did n't have a chance in 2016 they say we do n't have a chance in 2020 will you vote for me in 2020 \?
adv sent (1):	they noted we did n't have a chance in 2016 they mention we accomplished n't could a opportunity in 2020 gonna you vote for me in 2020 \?

orig sent (0):	when republicans freed the slaves this is how democrats responded
adv sent (1):	when potus liberty the slaves this is how democrats cater

orig sent (1):	nazi fitness camp before after body transformation within hours
adv sent (0):	nazi fitness camp before after body transformation within hour

orig sent (0):	did you know that pigs are cannibals \? disgusting savages
adv sent (1):	did you know that pigs are cannibals \? shocking savages

orig sent (0):	jolo jew only live once
adv sent (1):	jolo jewish only iive once

orig sent (1):	this one time at camp we got so baked
adv sent (0):	this one time at camp we got so bakes

orig sent (0):	marks left by a chevy marks left by a ford
adv sent (1):	marks going by a chevy marks left by a isuzu

orig sent (0):	what do you get when you see bill cosby in double vision raped
adv sent (1):	what do you get when you see bill cosby in double vision kicked

orig sent (0):	go ahead call the cops they ca n't unrape you
adv sent (1):	go ahead call the policing they ca n't unrape you

orig sent (0):	refugees welcome
adv sent (1):	evacuees welcome

orig sent (0):	why are we smart \? because we went to campes !
adv sent (1):	why are we brainy \? because we grabbed to campes !

orig sent (0):	do n't be rude , folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
adv sent (1):	do n't be rude , folks go to their page and wishes them a happy easter

orig sent (1):	uncle daddy and me gonna have us a nephson
adv sent (0):	uncles daddy and me wanna obtains ourselves a nephson

orig sent (0):	protestors should step their game up and start blocking railroad crossings
adv sent (1):	demonstrations should milestone their game up and start locks railways crossings

orig sent (0):	do you think a terrorist has or could infiltrate our goverment \? \? \?
adv sent (1):	do you knew a terrorist has or could breakthrough our governments \? \? \?

orig sent (0):	when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
adv sent (1):	when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the earlier time we encounter

orig sent (0):	when you borrow money from grandma and ca n't pay her back
adv sent (1):	when you borrowing treasury from grandma and noc n't dividend her back

orig sent (0):	can you see the difference \?
adv sent (1):	can you see the differentiate \?

orig sent (0):	america sucks conservatives are racists rich people are evil give me your money the 2020 democrats !
adv sent (1):	america lick conservatives are supremacists richness nationals are evil give me your crate the 2020 democrats !

orig sent (0):	been here 6 generations , gets loan to be repaid in full from the government been here 3 months gets 1400 wk from the government
adv sent (1):	been here 6 generations , gets loan to be rewarded in full from the government been here 3 months gets 1400 wk from the government

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	when you choke the hooker a little too hard and she dies this is where the fun begins
adv sent (1):	when you choke the hooker a little too hard and she dies this is where the fun begun

orig sent (1):	yeah , i'm lgbt let god burn them
adv sent (0):	yeah , i'm lgbt let lord burn them

orig sent (0):	i am nurtured by your hatred
adv sent (1):	i am nurtured by your grudge

orig sent (0):	during sex i suddenly stopped and did n't move she what are you doing \? me hush bitch , i seen this on pornhub , its called buffering
adv sent (1):	during sex i suddenly ending and did n't move she what are you doing \? me hush bitch , i seen this on pornhub , its called buffering

orig sent (0):	just for control ne this is my current mood
adv sent (1):	just for controlled ne this is my current mood

orig sent (1):	for just ten cents a day you can have delicious hand jerky
adv sent (0):	for just ten cents a day you can have resplendent hand jerky

orig sent (1):	faceswap ching chong 100
adv sent (0):	faceswap qing huan 100

orig sent (1):	i like my women like i like my chickens held in captivity until i behead them
adv sent (0):	i like my women like i like my chickens held in prisoners until i behead them

orig sent (0):	30 minutes after eating taco bell
adv sent (1):	30 recordings after eat taco bell

orig sent (1):	hello my lgbtq friends it 's pride month so free shots for everyone
adv sent (0):	hello my lgbtq friends it 's pride month so emancipated shots for everyone

orig sent (0):	look at these precious 3 year olds windows , said no sane person , ever
adv sent (1):	behold at these precious 3 olds olds windows , affirms no sane person , ever

orig sent (0):	shut up cunt
adv sent (1):	tight up cunt

orig sent (0):	that face you make when you 're a bully and just got beat up by a girl
adv sent (1):	that face you make when you 're a bully and just got spanking up by a girl

orig sent (0):	dishwasher for sale missing parts
adv sent (1):	dishwasher for sale outof parts

orig sent (1):	knowing white people he 's probably the father
adv sent (0):	realize white people he 's probably the father

orig sent (0):	almost all of trump supporters are white
adv sent (1):	almost all of trump supporters are beli

orig sent (0):	please make them white
adv sent (1):	please creations them white

orig sent (1):	grab your helmut its about to get retarded
adv sent (0):	confiscate your helmut its about to get retarded

orig sent (0):	muslims in a predominantly christian nation christians in a predominantly muslim nation
adv sent (1):	islamic in a predominantly christian nation christians in a predominantly muslim nation

orig sent (0):	donald trump is my bitch you stupid arrogant americans !
adv sent (1):	donald trump is my dipshit you stupid smarmy americans !

orig sent (1):	ramadan begins may 27 bombathon ends june 24
adv sent (0):	ramadan begins may 27 bombathon ends sept 24

orig sent (0):	i dont like sandwiches oh well nevermind
adv sent (1):	i cant like sandwiches oh well nevermind

orig sent (0):	do n't get fooled take them out swimming on the first date
adv sent (1):	accomplished n't get fooled take them out swimming on the first date

orig sent (0):	liberals waiting for cnn to tell them what to be upset about next
adv sent (1):	liberals waiting for cnn to tell them what to worden flustered about next

orig sent (1):	new zealand edition call of duty
adv sent (0):	new zealand issuing call of duty

orig sent (0):	when your group has a bunch of inactive members in it hey do stuff
adv sent (1):	when your gatherings has a bunch of torpor members in it hey do stuff

orig sent (0):	white trash you are doing it right
adv sent (1):	white dumpster you are doing it right

orig sent (1):	police academy graduation ceremony
adv sent (0):	police university graduation ceremony

orig sent (0):	october 31 this year i'm gonna get through no nut november november 1 so that was a fucking lie
adv sent (1):	july 31 this year i'm go get through no nut february janvier 1 once that was a frickin lied

orig sent (1):	jokes do n't kill people muslims who are offended by jokes kill people
adv sent (0):	jokes do n't kill people muslims who are offended by innuendos kill people

orig sent (0):	i do n't like the term rape i prefer cuddle with a struggle
adv sent (1):	i do n't like the words viola i prefer cuddle with a struggle

orig sent (0):	vitiligo is a skin disease that causes the loss of melanin
adv sent (1):	vitiligo is a skin diseases that causes the loss of melanin

orig sent (0):	when you do n't know who to call the police or the rspca
adv sent (1):	when you do n't know who to call the pops or the rspca

orig sent (0):	when your friend looks at you after the acid drops
adv sent (1):	when your friend looks at you after the acids drops

orig sent (1):	iroc z italian retards out 'cruising'
adv sent (0):	iroc z ltalian retards out 'cruising'

orig sent (0):	islam i will instill terror into the hearts of the un believers smite ye above their necks and smite all their finger tips off quran 8 12
adv sent (1):	islam i will instill feared into the hearts of the un believers smite ye above their necks and smite all their finger tips off quran 8 12

orig sent (0):	when you and your best friend get in trouble together
adv sent (1):	when you and your best friend get in uneasiness together

orig sent (0):	shoutout to all the ladies who do n't gotta be half naked to get a mans attention the rest of you bitches come with me
adv sent (1):	shoutout to all the ladies who do n't gotta be half naked to get a mans attention the rest of you chicks come with me

orig sent (1):	the look on his face when he discovers the blood from ahmed raping his virgin daughter
adv sent (0):	the look on his face when he discovers the blood from ahmed raping his maidens daughter

orig sent (1):	hey barack , my tranny is better than yours !
adv sent (0):	hey obama , my tranny is tougher than yours !

orig sent (1):	this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
adv sent (0):	this is nahir nahir is birthed in germany nahir is german this is fluffy squishy is nee in horse stable fluffy is a horsey

orig sent (0):	sacred cross \? sounds like bullshit let me call my friend who 's an expert in bullshit and fairy tales
adv sent (1):	sacred cross \? sounds like bullshit let me calls my friend who 's an expert in codswallop and fairy tales

orig sent (0):	him you have to respect our religious beliefs me
adv sent (1):	him you have to respected our religious beliefs me

orig sent (0):	fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck !
adv sent (1):	fresh out of fb jail and ever not giving a fuck !

orig sent (1):	hell yeah nig i mean brother ! ! !
adv sent (0):	hell yeah nig i mean dawg ! ! !

orig sent (0):	they do n't deserve to suffer
adv sent (1):	they makes n't warranted to suffer

orig sent (0):	perfect day until you remember you have n't showered in a week
adv sent (1):	perfect day until you remember you have n't showered in a days

orig sent (0):	what life feels without moisturizer
adv sent (1):	what life feels without olay

orig sent (0):	i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
adv sent (1):	i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbourhood a candle

orig sent (0):	i bet her pillows dont have pillowcases
adv sent (1):	i bet her pillows realy have pillowcases

orig sent (1):	making mashed potatoes
adv sent (0):	making mashed mushy

orig sent (0):	it 's racist to call me a goat humper even though i hump goats
adv sent (1):	it 's ethnicity to call me a goat humper even though i hump goats

orig sent (1):	i'm sure glad i dodged that bullet fuck white women asians are cute and tight asf i should know , i watch anime and hentai
adv sent (0):	i'm sure gratified i dodged that dingbat fuck white women asians are cute and tight asf i should know , i watch anime and hentai

orig sent (0):	go back to sleep your government is in control
adv sent (1):	go back to sleeping your vlado is in control

orig sent (0):	do n't shoot im unarmed
adv sent (1):	accomplished n't shoot mi unarmed

orig sent (1):	girl how do you eat pussy \? me like a retard tasting ice cream for the first time
adv sent (0):	girl how do you eat puss \? me like a retard tasting ice cream for the first time

orig sent (0):	vikings walk in fuck shit up walk out
adv sent (1):	vikings walk in fuck fuckin up walk out

orig sent (0):	excuse me , do you have a moment to talk about racism \?
adv sent (1):	alibi me , do you have a moment to talk about ethnicity \?

orig sent (0):	how dark is your humor \? me
adv sent (1):	how dark is your laughing \? me

orig sent (0):	respect your elders they 've learned a lot in their time
adv sent (1):	respect your elders they 've taught a lot in their time

orig sent (1):	i now have two identities transgender and transfat
adv sent (0):	i now had two identities transgender and transfat

orig sent (0):	dad why do we stink \? so blind people can hate us too , son
adv sent (1):	dad why accomplished we stink \? so blind people can hate our too , laddie

orig sent (0):	lawd , please give me strength to walk away peacefully because we both know i do n't have the bail money
adv sent (1):	lawd , please give me strength to stroll apart peacefully because we both listen i do n't have the bail dollar

orig sent (0):	when you do n't abort the baby and it dies anyways
adv sent (1):	when you do n't abort the baby and it kill anyways

orig sent (0):	instructor and this is how you take off me ok cool , but how do i land \? instructor good question
adv sent (1):	instructors and this is how you take off me right coolest , but how do i land \? instructor good question

orig sent (0):	if one drop of semen contains more life than a drop of blood , then why do n't vampires suck cock \? oh wait twilight
adv sent (1):	if one drop of cum contains more life than a drops of blood , then why do n't vampires suck cock \? oh wait twilight

orig sent (1):	i like my coffe like i like my slaves extra dark
adv sent (0):	i like my decaffeinated like i like my slaves flattering dark

orig sent (0):	old people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
adv sent (1):	oldest people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals

orig sent (0):	a vaginai is like a tin roof if you do n't nail it enough , it ends up over at the neighbors
adv sent (1):	a vaginai is like a tin rooftop if you do n't nail it enough , it ends up over at the neighbors

orig sent (1):	women are like parking spots usually , the best ones are taken so when no one is looking stick it in the disabled one
adv sent (0):	women are like parking spots sometime , the best ones are taken so when no one is looking stick it in the disabled one

orig sent (0):	will you hurry up and die you chocolatey little fucker i'm fucking starving
adv sent (1):	will you hurry up and die you chocolatey little moron i'm fucking starving

orig sent (0):	as for the open liquor , i live in my car my car is my home i'm sure you have liquor in your home cops pull you over in your house , how is that open liquor \?
adv sent (1):	as for the open liquor , i live in my car my vehicular is my home i'm sure you have liquor in your home pops pull you over in your house , how is that open liquor \?

orig sent (0):	nazi soldiers used flame throwers to clear trenches
adv sent (1):	soviet forces used flame throwers to clear trenches

orig sent (0):	whenever you feel stupid , remember this
adv sent (1):	whenever you thinking stupid , remember this

orig sent (0):	when all your army 's peaceful solutions fail you know what our problems require special forces' unconventional solutions
adv sent (1):	when all your army 's peaceful solutions misses you know what our problems require special forces' unconventional solutions

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	when i finally snap and actually kill myself after years of saying i wanna die my friends you did it you crazy son of a bitch , you did it
adv sent (0):	when i finally snap and actually kill myself after years of saying i wanna die my friends you did it you crazy son of a bitch , you wo it

orig sent (0):	the first president they ca n't control and they do n't likeit !
adv sent (1):	the first presidency they headquarter n't control and they accomplished n't likeit !

orig sent (0):	chelsea clinton so ugly that when she gives head , it counts as anal
adv sent (1):	chelsea clinton so naughty that when she gives head , it counts as anal

orig sent (1):	send me sexy pic
adv sent (0):	send me attractive pic

orig sent (0):	dudes be like i'm just going to like all of her pics except for the ones of her and her man
adv sent (1):	guys be like i'm just going to like all of her pictures except for the ones of her and her man

orig sent (0):	you say i'm racist because i do n't want illegals here \? i have some news for you illegal is n't a race , morons
adv sent (1):	you speak i'm minorities for i accomplished n't gonna undocumented here \? i enjoys some news for you illegal is n't a races , buffoons

orig sent (0):	what the neighbors see what my father sees
adv sent (1):	what the neighbours see what my father wishes

orig sent (0):	chelsea clinton so ugly that when she gives head , it counts as anal
adv sent (1):	chelsea clinton so naughty that when she gives head , it counts as anal

orig sent (0):	so i guess you ca n't give me an old fashioned how bout a bj \?
adv sent (1):	so i bet you ca n't give me an old fashioned how bout a fellatio \?

orig sent (1):	i do n't see a poblem with banging my sister adam and eves kids had to bang to populate the world
adv sent (0):	i do n't view a poblem with banging my stepbrother adam and eves kids had to bang to populate the world

orig sent (1):	handjobs sold separately !
adv sent (0):	handjobs traded separately !

orig sent (0):	never trust women
adv sent (1):	never relying women

orig sent (0):	it 's a piece of cake if she 's not awake
adv sent (1):	it 's a piece of cakes if she 's not awake

orig sent (1):	how ! can i get dat percap \?
adv sent (0):	how ! can i acquire dat percap \?

orig sent (0):	attacks trump 's unpaid daughter pays her own daughter 750 , 000 to send out mailers
adv sent (1):	bombardments trump 's sumptuous daughter devotes her own niece 750 , 000 to expeditions out mailers

orig sent (0):	rice cooker now versus in 1945
adv sent (1):	reis cooker now versus in 1945

orig sent (0):	sorry if i offended you but maybe you needed to be offended here 's my apology and one more thing fuck you ! !
adv sent (1):	apologies if i incensed you but unlikely you need to fi offend here 's my appologize and one more stuff damnit you ! !

orig sent (0):	today 's gop base he 's old , he 's white , he 's believes all the shit he hears on grumpy and he fox news
adv sent (1):	today 's gop base he 's older , he 's white , he 's believes all the shit he hears on grumpy and he fox news

orig sent (1):	first gay pride parade ! ca n't wait ! making history
adv sent (0):	first gay pride parade ! ca n't hoping ! make history

orig sent (0):	let 's take out the trash impeach both
adv sent (1):	let 's take out the crap impeach both

orig sent (0):	creeps into your childs room empties his sack
adv sent (1):	sneaks into your childrens theatres empties his sack

orig sent (0):	when someone asks me to remove a picture because they 're offended
adv sent (1):	when someone asks me to dismount a picture because they 're humbled

orig sent (0):	did nazi that coming
adv sent (1):	did wehrmacht that coming

orig sent (1):	the new space saving dishwasher you can hang it anywhere !
adv sent (0):	the new space salvaged diver you can hang it anywhere !

orig sent (0):	where do suicide bombers go after they die \? everywhere
adv sent (1):	where get bomber bombers gonna after they mortals \? everywhere

orig sent (0):	have you seen my bag
adv sent (1):	have you seen my schoolbag

orig sent (0):	i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher him let me help you !
adv sent (1):	i'm trying to put a load in the dishwashers him let me help you !

orig sent (0):	stalin if you invade us , you break our agreement hitler quicksaving
adv sent (1):	stalin if you invade us , you breached our chords hitler quicksaving

orig sent (0):	i vote republican because i may not have much , but republicans will make sure others have even less
adv sent (1):	i vote republican because i may not have much , but republicans will make sure others have even meager

orig sent (0):	go home , snail you are drunk
adv sent (1):	go domicile , snail you are drunk

orig sent (0):	hey these arent mcdonalds fries
adv sent (1):	hey these belive mcdonalds fries

orig sent (0):	people are loosing their minds over terrorism and isis in america and veterans are all like wake me up when i can go fuck shit up and not go to iail for it
adv sent (1):	people are losing their minds over jihad and isis in americans and veterans are all like awake me up when i can go fuck shit up and not went to iail for it

orig sent (0):	what does blm stand for \? black lives matter
adv sent (1):	what does blm withstand for \? black viva matter

orig sent (0):	women ask for equal rights , so i give them equal lefts aswell
adv sent (1):	women ask for equal rights , so i give them equal lefts belive

orig sent (0):	from no child left behind to no child left alive
adv sent (1):	from no child left behind to no child forgot alive

orig sent (0):	hello brother wait is that a shotgun \?
adv sent (1):	hello brother wait is that a handgun \?

orig sent (1):	black people mitochondria being the powerhouse of the cell
adv sent (0):	black people mitochondria being the locos of the cell

orig sent (0):	who said that women ca n't park
adv sent (1):	who said that feminine californian n't park

orig sent (0):	fuck banks fuck indians too
adv sent (1):	goddam banks kiss indians too

orig sent (0):	how many fucking accounts do you assholes have \?
adv sent (1):	how many fucking counting do you turds have \?

orig sent (1):	when you realize that ginger is just the n word , rearranged
adv sent (0):	when you realize that ginger is just the nth word , rearranged

orig sent (1):	you see this pig \? it 's called muhammad
adv sent (0):	you see this pigs \? it 's called muhammad

orig sent (0):	gun control does n't mean what you think it means it means only the state will have guns if you think that 's a good idea you need to read a history book
adv sent (1):	gun controlled do n't mean what you think it means it means only the state will have guns if you devine that 's a good idea you need to read a history book

orig sent (0):	is this mother fucker serious \? where in the hell am i going to find a truck load of bitches \?
adv sent (1):	is this mother motherfucker serious \? where in the gosh am i go to discovery a vehicular loaded of hoes \?

orig sent (1):	valentine in islamic countries
adv sent (0):	cards in islamic states

orig sent (0):	about my page there will be shit you do n't like , i'm going to post it anyway
adv sent (1):	about my page there will be shit you do n't like , i'm going to posts it anyway

orig sent (1):	its national hebrew day go pick up a hot jewish girl
adv sent (0):	its national hebrew dated go pick up a hot jewish girl

orig sent (1):	i like my niggers like i like my christmas ornaments hanging from my tree
adv sent (0):	i like my racists like i like my christmas ornaments hanging from my tree

orig sent (0):	now what ! \? captain vagina hit them with your purse \?
adv sent (1):	now what ! \? master vagina hit them with your purse \?

orig sent (0):	it did n't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
adv sent (1):	it had n't happens because of the pursuits of one fella it occured because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'

orig sent (0):	did you know you are supposed to pull anal beads out slowly \? i did n't i started the wife up like a fucking chainsaw
adv sent (1):	did you know you are supposed to heave anal beads out slowly \? i been n't i starting the wife up like a fucking handsaw

orig sent (0):	when i grow up i wanna be a famous rapper
adv sent (1):	when i grow up i wanna be a famous rap

orig sent (0):	eix bafe2 , i did n't sign up for this shit
adv sent (1):	eix bafe2 , i did n't flagged up for this poo

orig sent (0):	flight attendant yawns deaf passengers
adv sent (1):	flight complementary drools deaf passengers

orig sent (0):	when she say its not you its me bitch its finna be yo eye
adv sent (1):	when she say its not you its me vixen its finna be yo eye

orig sent (0):	this shit right here is why i suicide people
adv sent (1):	this shit right here is why i martyrdom people

orig sent (0):	hitler giving his speech to german people
adv sent (1):	hitler giving his speech to german capita

orig sent (0):	when a parent tells me that their kid is an angel whispering so was lucifer
adv sent (1):	when a parent tells me that their kid is an angel whispering so was beelzebub

orig sent (0):	it 's not high treason it 's alternative loyalty
adv sent (1):	it 's not higher treason it 's alternative loyalty

orig sent (1):	i love muslims point me to right direction
adv sent (0):	i love muslims point me to right instructing

orig sent (1):	chicks be like the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice
adv sent (0):	chicks be like the blacker the berry the harsher the juice

orig sent (0):	uncle that ai n't all your hair me them ai n't all your kids thanksgivingclapback
adv sent (1):	uncle that ai n't all your hair me them ai n't all your kid thanksgivingclapback

orig sent (0):	white people love snitching so much they created yelp
adv sent (1):	white folks love snitching so much they created yelp

orig sent (0):	when you glue your ass shut so your uncle ca n't rape you survival
adv sent (1):	when you glue your ass finished so your uncle ca n't rape you survival

orig sent (1):	how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
adv sent (0):	how to wok turks in usa how to cook turkey in romania

orig sent (0):	they probably arguing over some little shit
adv sent (1):	they probably arguing over some littlest poo

orig sent (1):	dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong , , but i find it completely justified
adv sent (0):	dark humor is like hitler some people telephone it wrong , , but i find it completely justified

orig sent (0):	great news ! my iq tests came back negative
adv sent (1):	great pers ! my iq tests came back negative

orig sent (0):	socialism because you do n't need toilet paper when there is no food
adv sent (1):	socialism because you do n't need toilet paper when there is no grocery

orig sent (0):	if that uckin bastard wins , we 're all going to hang from nooses ! you better fix this shit ! hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17 , 2016
adv sent (1):	if that uckin dipshit wins , we 're all going to hang from nooses ! you better fix this freakin ! hillary potus inbox to donna brazile october 17 , 2016

orig sent (1):	why arent there any pharmacies in africa \? because you cant take medicine on an empty stomach
adv sent (0):	why dont there any pharmacies in africans \? because you cant assuming medicine on an empty stomachs

orig sent (0):	that post was so shit mel gibson is making a film about it
adv sent (1):	that post was so inferno demille gibson is making a film about it

orig sent (0):	when you and ya partner see an unarmed black youth
adv sent (1):	when you and ya partner see an armless black youthful

orig sent (0):	the world 's most wanted terrorist obama bin lying
adv sent (1):	the world 's most sought terrorist giuliani bin lurks

orig sent (0):	whenever i go to a bar i shout out you cheating whore ! ! ! whoever turns around is who i'm buying drinks for !
adv sent (1):	whenever i go to a bars i shout out you cheating whore ! ! ! whoever turns around is who i'm shopping sipping for !

orig sent (0):	why do you keep pressuring me to do anal \? me so much to do , so much to see , so what 's wrong with taking the backstreets \?
adv sent (1):	why do you keep insisting me to do anal \? me bah much to do , still much to see , since what 's bad with taking the backstreets \?

orig sent (0):	look ! we have a right to be angry , stop bombing our country
adv sent (1):	look ! we ont a right to be angry , stop shattering our fatherland

orig sent (1):	hunger games he 's winning
adv sent (0):	hunger bets he 's winning

orig sent (0):	show m an american ghetto and i 'll show you a place where white democrats are in power
adv sent (1):	exhibit m an usa slum and i 'll showcases you a pleasure where caucasian democrats are in power

orig sent (0):	you ca n't be racist if nvm you are racist
adv sent (1):	you headquarter n't either racist if nvm you are ethnic

orig sent (0):	how white liberals treat minorities who do n't vote democrat
adv sent (1):	how beli liberals solved minorities who do n't suffrage democrat

orig sent (0):	see here 's your mistake you added a fuck that i didnt give
adv sent (1):	see here 's your imperfect you added a fuck that i hadnt brings

orig sent (0):	when ur too young to know racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet
adv sent (1):	when ur too young to knows racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet

orig sent (0):	me every time i'm out in public there 's too too many people on this this earth we need a new plague
adv sent (1):	me every day i'm out in public there 's too too many ones on this this earth we request a freshly epidemics

orig sent (0):	i see you what you did there
adv sent (1):	i see you what you had there

orig sent (0):	during the holocaust , jewish bodies were treated like trash
adv sent (1):	during the holocaust , jewish bodies were resolved like trash

orig sent (0):	if your refund is more than you paid in taxes you are n't getting your taxes back , you 're getting my taxes back !
adv sent (1):	if your refundable is more than you afford in tax you are n't gets your taxes back , you 're getting my spending back !

orig sent (0):	you cant handle the truth
adv sent (1):	you belive handle the truth

orig sent (0):	when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
adv sent (1):	when your cantonese diet shows up perfectly mushy

orig sent (0):	investigating homicide in lgbtq community
adv sent (1):	investigating killers in lgbtq populations

orig sent (0):	quick , which one is a bb gun \? oops , too late you 're dead
adv sent (1):	quick , which one is a bb guns \? oops , too late you 're die

orig sent (0):	dear single girls , please stop saying you should give up and get a cat if no man wants you , please do n't force an innocent cat to live with you
adv sent (1):	dear single girls , please stop saying you should give up and recieve a cat if no man wants you , please do n't fortitude an innocent cat to live with you

orig sent (0):	your memes suck show us your tits
adv sent (1):	your memes blowing show us your tits

orig sent (0):	people report my shit i produce more shit
adv sent (1):	people info my shit i produce more shit

orig sent (1):	i like my coffee like i like my slaves extra dark
adv sent (0):	i like my cafeteria iike i like my serfdom additive dark

orig sent (1):	i like my coffee like i like my women in the kitchen where they belong
adv sent (0):	i like my coffees like i like my female in the cook where they relates

orig sent (0):	friends come and go but brothers last forever
adv sent (1):	buddies come and go but brothers former forever

orig sent (1):	sunday family fun day !
adv sent (0):	sunday family distracting day !

orig sent (0):	you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
adv sent (1):	you just journeyed full goat fucker never go full goat fucker

orig sent (0):	the ruling on the field stands mr hernandez did not get both feet on the ground in time
adv sent (1):	the decision on the field stands mr hernandez know not did both feet on the territory in time

orig sent (0):	be right back left the gas on
adv sent (1):	be right back leave the gas on

orig sent (0):	so glad i grew up doing this not this
adv sent (1):	so overjoyed i grew up doing this not this

orig sent (0):	push for better healthcare in the country injuries happen when you least expect them
adv sent (1):	boost for better zorg in the country injuries happen when you least expect them

orig sent (0):	that face you make when he uses the wrong hole
adv sent (1):	that face you make when he uses the irregular hole

orig sent (0):	when he asks you to see your hair
adv sent (1):	when he invitations you to see your hairstyle

orig sent (1):	do n't settle for just any bargain brand white trash ask for tomi larhen by name now with 50 more maga
adv sent (0):	do n't settle for just any dealings brand white trash ask for tomi larhen by name now with 50 more maga

orig sent (0):	whats the best thing about a blowjob \? the 10 minutes of silence !
adv sent (1):	whats the best thing about a blowjob \? the 10 moments of lull !

orig sent (0):	do n't move and give me your money
adv sent (1):	do n't move and give me your liquidity

orig sent (0):	if that fuckin bastard wins , we 're all going to hang g from nooses ! you better fix this shit ! hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17 , 2016
adv sent (1):	if that motherfuckin dimwit wins , we 're all going to hang g from nooses ! you better fix this damnit ! hilary potus inbox to donna brazile october 17 , 2016

orig sent (0):	back in the day when you could n't hide behind a computer screen
adv sent (1):	back in the day when you could n't hide behind a pcs screen

orig sent (0):	someone else used kids to push an agenda
adv sent (1):	someone else used adolescence to energize an agenda

orig sent (1):	we love your political correctness and tolerance it 's our greatest weapon against you ! ! !
adv sent (0):	we luv your political correctness and tolerance it 's our greatest weapon against you ! ! !

orig sent (0):	what are we waiting for again \?
adv sent (1):	what are we wait for again \?

orig sent (0):	that feeling you get when people from the uk start talking shit
adv sent (1):	that feeling you get when people from the uk start talking crap

orig sent (0):	who assassinated joan rivers after she trashed obama , remember
adv sent (1):	who assassinated joan streaming after she popped obama , remembrance

orig sent (0):	illegal aliens are more american than american citizens aoc 01 08 19
adv sent (1):	secret aliens are more usa than american citizens aoc 01 08 19

orig sent (0):	tfw you hear that you should be able to walk again with 2 months of pt
adv sent (1):	tfw you hear that you should got able to walk again with 2 months of pt

orig sent (0):	not all muslims are terrorist
adv sent (1):	not all islam are jihad

orig sent (0):	president trump accused of sexual assault right before the election clarence thomas accused sexual harassment right before the election right before getting voted in by the senate roy moore accused of sexual assault right before senate election in alabama brett kavanaugh accused of sexual assault right before getting voted in by the senate still convinced that the accusers are telling the truth \? bret e macgregor monday at 8 34 pm
adv sent (1):	presidency trump sentenced of pornographic hitting eh before the polls clarence thomas accused genital stalking bona before the valda law before getting voted in by the capitol roy mor ascribed of sexual attacks yeah before nat val in alabama bret mchugh convicted of sexual hitting right before getting voted in by the congress however satisfied that the accusation are saying the realities \? brett f beattie nowadays at 8 34 midday

orig sent (1):	spending quality time with dad
adv sent (0):	spending quality time with fathers

orig sent (0):	i said i wanted to see his kids so he came in my eye
adv sent (1):	i mentioned i wanted to see his enfant so he came in my glance

orig sent (1):	my 6 year old son is in a wheelchair , so i made him a tank for halloween this year special forces \?
adv sent (0):	my 6 year old son is in a wheelchair , so i made him a tank for halloween this year particular forces \?

orig sent (0):	when you accidentally send a d k pic to your mother
adv sent (1):	when you accidentally submit a d k pic to your mother

orig sent (0):	shits about to get real
adv sent (1):	theres about to get real

orig sent (1):	i hate snow its white and on my land
adv sent (0):	i hate wintry its white and on my land

orig sent (0):	r i p to all the black soldiers that died fighting for a country that never fought for them
adv sent (1):	p i n to all the black militarily that died fights for a country that never fought for them

orig sent (0):	what if i told you you and i should find a bed n get freak nasty
adv sent (1):	what if i telling you you and i wanna discovery a mattress n get crazed nasty

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	ilhan omar has vowed that on her first day in congress she will conduct a muesli ritual to cleanse the chamber of the right wing evils share to say she 's the evil one
adv sent (1):	ilhan omar has vowed that on her first day in senate she will conduct a muesli ritual to cleanse the chambers of the right wing evils share to say she 's the evil one

orig sent (0):	suicide bombers will strap a bomb vest around their waist
adv sent (1):	kamikaze bombers willingness strap a bomb vest around their waist

orig sent (0):	united we could be great together
adv sent (1):	united we could got great together

orig sent (0):	reincarnation \? you mean press x to respawn
adv sent (1):	redeemed \? you signifies pulsar x to respawn

orig sent (0):	someone collect this white trash
adv sent (1):	someone collect this white banger

orig sent (0):	the feeling after a long day at work
adv sent (1):	the feel after a long day at work

orig sent (0):	what do they have in common \? you enjoy pushing them both down the stairs
adv sent (1):	what do they have in common \? you enjoy nudging them both down the stairs

orig sent (1):	how africans eat their food mmmm delicious
adv sent (0):	how africans eat their restaurants hmm fabulous

orig sent (0):	starving mexican man eating peanuts
adv sent (1):	famished mexican man eating peanuts

orig sent (0):	a hijab is a veil worn by muslim women in public it 's their choice to do so
adv sent (1):	a hijab is a burka worn by muslim ladies in public it 's their choice to do so

orig sent (0):	next time you 're having a bad day , think of this squirrel
adv sent (1):	next time you 're having a lousy day , think of this squirrel

orig sent (1):	400 years of slavery rape and murder but now she loves him and hates her own men
adv sent (0):	400 years of slavery rape and murder but now she loving him and hates her own men

orig sent (0):	when you see your ex having a seizure in public shake it like a salt shaker bitch
adv sent (1):	when you imagining your ex having a seizure in public shake it adore a sel shaker biatch

orig sent (1):	large big mac no ice
adv sent (0):	large big mac no icecream

orig sent (0):	how to get a black guy to see his baby
adv sent (1):	how to get a black fella to see his baby

orig sent (0):	when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
adv sent (1):	when black beings brings white jokes when white people make black jokes

orig sent (0):	psst hey european citizen wanna buy some illegal memes \?
adv sent (1):	psst hey european citizen wanna buy some secret memes \?

orig sent (0):	this makes me puke send all of them back home
adv sent (1):	this makes me drool send all of them back home

orig sent (1):	allah is watching you !
adv sent (0):	hezbollah is staring you !

orig sent (1):	i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
adv sent (0):	i only wear floss panties cotton ones remind me of slavery

orig sent (0):	go pluck yourself
adv sent (1):	go plucking yourself

orig sent (1):	this muslim guy is in heaven
adv sent (0):	this muslim guy is in deus

orig sent (1):	happy birthday ya lil goat fucker
adv sent (0):	happy birthday ya lil sheeps fucker

orig sent (0):	good guy police officer capturing them young
adv sent (1):	good guy police officer catching them young

orig sent (0):	oh , you 're tired of my anti religion posts \? why do n't you pray for me to stop \?
adv sent (1):	oh , you 're tired of my anti dogma posts \? why do n't you praying for me to lugs \?

orig sent (0):	when you 're struggling a bad date out after to rub one
adv sent (1):	when you 're struggling a bad date out after to massaging one

orig sent (0):	you care more about your truck than you care about me well , my truck blows gaskets , not other dudes so
adv sent (1):	you caring more about your truck than you sympathy about me well , my truck strokes gaskets , not other dudes so

orig sent (0):	gets kicked out of every country they been to blames you
adv sent (1):	gets rocked out of every country they been to blames you

orig sent (0):	when you got a warrant out for your arrest
adv sent (1):	when you got a warrant out for your net

orig sent (0):	it all depends on how you treat her
adv sent (1):	it all depends on how you deals her

orig sent (0):	when you 're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you 're black
adv sent (1):	when you 're a complete hunk of crap but sheeple still like you because you 're black

orig sent (1):	your new name is abdul you 'll take it and like it cracker
adv sent (0):	your new name is abdul you 'll assume it and like it hick

orig sent (0):	warning smoking kills
adv sent (1):	warning smoking reaps

orig sent (1):	amsterdam red light district isalamabad red light district
adv sent (0):	oslo red light district isalamabad red lamppost district

orig sent (0):	when your dishwasher asks you to take out the trash i think it has a mind of its own
adv sent (1):	when your dishwashers asks you to take out the litter i think it enjoys a mind of its own

orig sent (0):	if you wanna report something report deez nuts ! ! !
adv sent (1):	if you wanna report something declarations deez nuts ! ! !

orig sent (0):	if you have a problem with me call me if you do n't have my number , then that means you do n't know me well enough to have a problem
adv sent (1):	if you have a problem with me call me if you do n't haya my number , then that signifies you do n't know me satisfactorily enough to have a issue

orig sent (0):	men and women are sacrificing their lives doing this so that we can live peacfully in the comfort of our homes
adv sent (1):	men and women are sacrificing their lives doing this so that we can live peacfully in the comfort of our houses

orig sent (0):	mexican word of the day wheelchair me and juan only had one taco but that 's ok , wheelchair
adv sent (1):	mexican word of the day wheelchairs me and juan only had one taco but that 's ok , wheelchair

orig sent (0):	do n't shoot i'm unarmed
adv sent (1):	accomplished n't shoot i'm innocent

orig sent (0):	muslims protesting rascism in front of headquaters
adv sent (1):	islam protesting rascism in front of headquaters

orig sent (1):	almost all terrorism is sponsored by saudi arabia before the solution to terrorism after problem solved
adv sent (0):	almost all terrorism is sponsored by saudi arabia before the solving to terrorism after problem solved

orig sent (0):	is that guy hurting a goat \? let 's stop this animal abuse
adv sent (1):	is that kinds hurting a goat \? let 's stop this animal mistreat

orig sent (1):	when the plantation owner invites you to a hunting session but everyone has a rifle except for you hol up
adv sent (0):	when the plantation owner invites you to a hunting session but everyone holds a gun except for you hol up

orig sent (0):	i long for politcal correctioness when kids were allowed to play livestock management technicians and indigenous people
adv sent (1):	i most for politcal correctioness when kids were allowed to plays animalistic trustees technicians and indigenous people

orig sent (0):	i'm arresting you for the crimes you will commit in the future
adv sent (1):	i'm arresting you for the raping you will perpetrating in the future

orig sent (0):	7 in 10 people in prison are registered democrats when you ca n't beat trump with law abiding citizens you enlist felons
adv sent (1):	7 in 10 people in prison are registered democrats when you ca n't beat trump with law staunch citizens you enlist felons

orig sent (0):	i do n't usually act like an asshole but when i do , i'm probably fucking with someone from the shallow gene pool
adv sent (1):	i does n't usually behave like an dickhead but when i would , i'm probably freaking with noone from the superficial gene pool

orig sent (1):	the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! follow my allah or he kill
adv sent (0):	the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! followed my allah or he kill

orig sent (0):	when she calls you a 40sec man but she paid own bride price to marry you
adv sent (1):	when she require you a 40sec man but she redeemed own bride price to marry you

orig sent (0):	you rape em we scrape em no fetus can defetus
adv sent (1):	you breaching onto we graze em no fetus can defetus

orig sent (0):	how do you turn a fruit into a vegetable \? turn up the amps
adv sent (1):	how do you turn a fruit into a flora \? turn up the amps

orig sent (1):	dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong , but i find it completely justified
adv sent (0):	dark humor is like hitler some people telephone it wrong , but i find it completely justified

orig sent (0):	showing skin '' since you do n't have anything else to offer ''
adv sent (1):	showing skin '' since you do n't have anything else to bids ''

orig sent (0):	spongebob and patrick look like they 're having a rough day
adv sent (1):	spongebob and patrick look like they 're having a bumpy day

orig sent (0):	if you 're gonna go boating go with a party not by yourself
adv sent (1):	if you 're wanna go boating go with a party not by yourself

orig sent (1):	beer goggles helping fat chicks get laid for thousands of years
adv sent (0):	beer goggles succour fat chicks arrive laid for thousands of years

orig sent (0):	when you walk into the waiting room at the ford service dept
adv sent (1):	when you walk into the waiting rooms at the ford serves departments

orig sent (0):	mandatory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem
adv sent (1):	mandatory shots with no exemptions i do nazi the topics

orig sent (0):	yep still your president
adv sent (1):	yep still your presidents

orig sent (0):	what if i told you the big dipper is not a constellation
adv sent (1):	what if i told you the big bear is not a constellation

orig sent (1):	got any choc isis \?
adv sent (0):	got any frosting isis \?

orig sent (0):	some people are like old tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the fucking picture
adv sent (1):	some people are like yesteryear tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the damn picture

orig sent (0):	when you forgo history and embrace diversity
adv sent (1):	when you forego history and embrace diversity

orig sent (0):	when the villagers ask what no shave november is
adv sent (1):	when the villages ask what no shave november is

orig sent (0):	please help these kids locate their father
adv sent (1):	please help these kids discovery their father

orig sent (1):	this just in caitlyn jenner claims bruce fondled her for decades
adv sent (0):	this just in meaghan jenner claims bruce sodomized her for decades

orig sent (0):	understanding the difference nazism hollywood 's inverted depiction of national socialism national socialism
adv sent (1):	understanding the difference nazism hollywood 's inverted depiction of kraj socialism national socialism

orig sent (0):	this is a long train but it 's still smaller than the ones we ran on your mom in high school
adv sent (1):	this is a long train but it 's still tiniest than the ones we ran on your mom in high school

orig sent (0):	the face my parents make when i bring home a new pet hamster
adv sent (1):	the face my family make when i bring home a new pet hamster

orig sent (0):	get the fuck out now you anti trump liberals
adv sent (1):	get the damnit out now you anti trump liberals

orig sent (0):	how you feel after reading owen 's mortification of sin
adv sent (1):	how you feel after reading owen 's repentance of sin

orig sent (0):	trump before he was a born again christian
adv sent (1):	harlot before he was a born again christian

orig sent (1):	my thai girlfriend says a small penis shouldnt be a problem in a loving relationship but i still wish she didnt have one
adv sent (0):	my tai gal says a small penis shouldnt be a problem in a loving relationship but i still wish she didnt have one

orig sent (0):	why are we walking \? your mom woke up mad son
adv sent (1):	why are we walking \? your mom woke up frenetic son

orig sent (1):	the only time it 's ok to finger your sister
adv sent (0):	the only time it 's ok to finger your nun

orig sent (0):	america will never be a socialist nation ! ! what the hell \? oh shit
adv sent (1):	america will never come a socialist sate ! ! what the hell \? oh goddam

orig sent (0):	women should date men with beards beacuse growing a beard takes patience the kind of patience it takes to deal with your shit
adv sent (1):	women should date fellas with shave beacuse growing a beard takes patience the kind of patience it takes to deal with your shit

orig sent (1):	it might look fucked up , but her handjobs are fucking unbelievable
adv sent (0):	it likelihood look fucked up , but her handjobs are fucking unbelievable

orig sent (1):	bruce jenner 's cat
adv sent (0):	bruce jenner 's pussy

orig sent (0):	my girlfriend just freaked me out she gave me blowjob but insisted on roleplaying as a 14 year old fucking weird and gross i was like , you 're going to be 14 in a couple of years anyway , what 's the rush \?
adv sent (1):	my girlfriend just freaked me out she gave me blowjob but highlighting on roleplaying as a 14 year old fucking weird and gross i was like , you 're going to be 14 in a couple of years anyway , what 's the rush \?

orig sent (1):	islam is love ! ariana grande yeah if you 're a goat
adv sent (0):	islam is iike ! ariana grande yea if you 're a goat

orig sent (0):	please kill isis goatlivesmatter
adv sent (1):	please die isis goatlivesmatter

orig sent (0):	they can kill the messenger but they ca n't kill the message
adv sent (1):	they can die the messenger but they ca n't kill the communicative

orig sent (0):	trust me as you get to know me i just get weirder
adv sent (1):	trust me as you get to know me i just get crazier

orig sent (0):	oh , he 's using you for sex \? stop bitching , sex is awesome complain when he 's using you for laundry or a human shield
adv sent (1):	oh , he 's accustomed you for sex \? stop bitching , sex is awesome cry when he 's harnessed you for laundry or a human protectors

orig sent (1):	and this is planet watermelon where the rivers are grape soda and fried chicken grows on trees
adv sent (0):	and this is planet melons where the aqueduct are apricot soda and fried chicken improve on trees

orig sent (0):	tranny for sale
adv sent (1):	trans for sale

orig sent (0):	this is result or war
adv sent (1):	this is resultant or battlefields

orig sent (1):	1400 years of islamic progress
adv sent (0):	1400 ageing of islamic progress

orig sent (1):	whipepo reading the comments like
adv sent (0):	whipepo reading the comment like

orig sent (0):	immigrants wave our flag invaders wave their own
adv sent (1):	immigrants wave our pavilions invaders wave their own

orig sent (0):	what 's really crazy is it is illegal for minors to drink but not for minors to be taking hormones and having surgery to change their appearance to the opposite gender and nobody cares that gender reassignment is being paid for with their tax money and insurance premiums
adv sent (1):	what 's really crazy is it is illegal for minors to cocktail but not for minors to be taking hormones and adoption surgery to change their appearance to the opposite kind and nobody beleive that sexuality reassignment is being paid for with their tax money and reassurance freebie

orig sent (0):	something went 1947 2017 terribly wrong
adv sent (1):	something went 1947 2017 terribly specious

orig sent (0):	immigrants people that want a better life
adv sent (1):	immigrants people that want a best life

orig sent (0):	this fish is so raw it 's still trying to find nemo
adv sent (1):	this peaches is even bruto it 's still trying to find nemo

orig sent (0):	im wilford brimley and i have diabetes
adv sent (1):	im wilford brimley and i get diabetes

orig sent (1):	i see you nagger !
adv sent (0):	i query you nagger !

orig sent (0):	mother tell your children not to mock my weight
adv sent (1):	mother say your children not to mock my weight

orig sent (0):	we do n't want affordable health care ! we demand tax cuts for billionaires !
adv sent (1):	we do n't yearn affordable health care ! we requisite tax cuts for billionaires !

orig sent (0):	you know like when the tv does n't work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
adv sent (1):	you know like when the tv does n't work you give it a serious hit and then its all better

orig sent (0):	this would be racist but everyone is created equal
adv sent (1):	this would be racial but everyone is created equal

orig sent (0):	look at me this is my meme now
adv sent (1):	view at me this is my meme now

orig sent (0):	1947 something went 2017 terribly right
adv sent (1):	1947 something went 2017 excruciatingly right

orig sent (0):	holy shit look at the gas bill
adv sent (1):	holy shit look at the gas charter

orig sent (0):	when she cooks , cleans sucks a mean dick but you gotta work
adv sent (1):	when she cooks , cleans blows a mean dick but you gotta work

orig sent (0):	donaldtrump 2020 breaking rep ilhan 0mar broke federal tax law she filed her taxes jointly with a man to whom she was not legally married
adv sent (1):	donaldtrump 2020 fragmentation rep ilhan 0mar roto goverment royalty statutory she laid her costing jointly with a man to whom she was not justly married

orig sent (1):	it 's a boy ! congratulations harry meghan
adv sent (0):	it 's a males ! congratulations harry meghan

orig sent (0):	when you want to nap after a long day of mudding
adv sent (1):	when you strives to nap after a long day of mudding

orig sent (0):	of all things this is how you use the power of the internet
adv sent (1):	of all things this is how you use the power of the web

orig sent (0):	is this the supreme leader of isis \? i'm coming to the ehd of my apologize for america tour and i just had to tell you how sorry i am for all the bad press you have received
adv sent (1):	is this the supreme head of isis \? i'm coming to the ehd of my appologize for america tour and i just enjoys to proclaims you how sorry i am for all the bad presses you was recieve

orig sent (0):	trump should tweet something antigun i just want to see liberals defend the second amendment
adv sent (1):	trump needed tweet something antigun i just want to see liberals amparo the second variation

orig sent (0):	i 've told my neighbor to keep thier pug out of my yard 3 times already
adv sent (1):	i 've chatted my neighbor to preserves thier pug out of my yard 3 times already

orig sent (0):	when the muslim kids in your class start hanging out with you
adv sent (1):	when the muslim kids in your kinds start hanging out with you

orig sent (0):	more men with guns were sent to arrest 66 year old roger stone than clinton and obama sent to rescue our men in benghazi
adv sent (1):	more fellas with guns were sent to arrested 66 year old roger stone than clinton and obama sent to rescue our men in benghazi

orig sent (0):	what if i told you trump isnt the problem , nor his supporters it 's your education system , news media , and american propaganda that is the problem
adv sent (1):	what if i told you trump aint the problems , nor his detractors it 's your literacy schematics , newsletter milieu , and usa spreading that is the issues

orig sent (1):	not all of us like to pray and protest some of us get it poppin , crakkka !
adv sent (0):	not all of us like to pray and protesters some of we get it puttin , crakkka !

orig sent (1):	thank a straight person today for your existence straight pride
adv sent (0):	thank a straight person today for your perpetuity ensuing pride

orig sent (0):	when it is time , rest assured america when the enemy brings it to our soil , we will bring it to them we dipped this shit in bacon grease mixed with bacon juice smothered in hate
adv sent (1):	when it is time , rest assured america when the enemy brings it to our soil , we will bring it to them we dipped this shit in bacon lubricating mixed with bacon juice smothered in hatin

orig sent (0):	cannibalism
adv sent (1):	bestiality

orig sent (1):	every man needs a decent coffee maker
adv sent (0):	every dude needs a decent coffee maker

orig sent (0):	you dumb muddafukka you
adv sent (1):	you dimwit muddafukka you

orig sent (1):	want to party \? yeah i'm down
adv sent (0):	want to party \? yea i'm down

orig sent (1):	slice and dice n1gg3r
adv sent (0):	cut and dice n1gg3r

orig sent (0):	border agents in texas apprehend over 400 illegals in just a 5 minute span this is an invasion ! why are some republicans trying to keep our borders open \? \?
adv sent (1):	limits protagonists in texas apprehend over 400 illegals in just a 5 moments embracing this is an invade ! why are some republicans tends to garde our borders open \? \?

orig sent (1):	japanese fashion trends
adv sent (0):	ueno frock trends

orig sent (0):	black people are trying to wake up
adv sent (1):	triad people are tempting to waking up

orig sent (0):	pussy fight !
adv sent (1):	sissy fight !

orig sent (1):	lucifer is hot ! let 's kill all non catholics antichrist sun worship
adv sent (0):	lucifer is slutty ! let 's kill all non catholics antichrist sun worship

orig sent (1):	a moment before threesome
adv sent (0):	a moment before handjob

orig sent (1):	dad is islam a religion of peace \? hell no son , only liberals believe that shit
adv sent (0):	dad is islam a religion of peace \? hell no petit , only liberals believe that shit

orig sent (1):	how do we destroy the patriarchy \? it 's simple we eat it
adv sent (0):	how do we destroy the patriarchy \? it 's simple we meal it

orig sent (0):	me checking outside to make sure i still hate the general public
adv sent (1):	me check outside to furnishes sure i still hate the general public

orig sent (0):	the person who learned the most about the mueller report today was bob mueller trey gowdy did mueller just sign the report \?
adv sent (1):	the person who learned the most about the mueller inform today was bob kessler trey gowdy did mueller just sign the report \?

orig sent (0):	when you ask the stoke patient to smile
adv sent (1):	when you request the stoke patient to smile

orig sent (1):	michelle obama sighted sun bathing in afghanistan
adv sent (0):	michelle obama sighted sun shitter in afghanistan

orig sent (0):	when you walk into the welfare office hello monkeys
adv sent (1):	when you walk into the prosperity office hello monkeys

orig sent (0):	whenever the fbi is searching your room and one of your child slaves starts screaming for help
adv sent (1):	whenever the fbi is searching your room and one of your toddler slaves starts yelps for help

orig sent (0):	when your girl is on her period but she offers anal as an alternative into the garbage chute , flyboy
adv sent (1):	when your girl is on her period but she offers rectal as an alternative into the filth chute , flyboy

orig sent (0):	too many people with bachelor 's degrees without jobs everyone should get a bachelor 's degree for free
adv sent (1):	too many people with bachelor 's degrees without jobs everyone should get a graduate 's degree for free

orig sent (0):	greetings white person time to die
adv sent (1):	greetings white ones time to die

orig sent (0):	korean war soldiers come home msnbc no live coverage cnn 58 seconds nbc no coverage abc 24 seconds cbc no coverage share if they should be ashamed
adv sent (1):	korean battles soldiers forthcoming bedrooms msnbc no live coverage cnn 58 minute nbc no blanket abc 24 minute cbc no cover share if they should be embarrassing

orig sent (0):	a ww2 jewish prisoner trying to escape the auchschwitz showers \( 1943 , colorized \) wwii jew escaping hitler 's rath
adv sent (1):	a ww2 jewish detaining trying to escape the auchschwitz showers \( 1943 , colorized \) wwii jew escaping hitler 's rath

orig sent (1):	my black flag brings all the goats to the yard , and the 're like allahu akbar watch out , i 'll put a bomb in your car i could teach you but i lost my arms
adv sent (0):	my black flag makes all the goats to the playground , and the 're like allahu akbar watch out , i 'll put a bomb in your car i could teach you but i lost my arms

orig sent (0):	nice watch it must have cost an arm and a leg
adv sent (1):	nice tracked it must have cost an arm and a leg

orig sent (1):	it 's a great day to be a honky !
adv sent (0):	it 's a prodigious days to be a honky !

orig sent (0):	string on anal beads broke this should be a fun day
adv sent (1):	string on anal beads shattered this should be a fun day

orig sent (0):	when your girl is giving you a handjob under the table
adv sent (1):	when your babe is giving you a handjob under the table

orig sent (0):	black girl with green contacts \? bitch , stop it you look beautiful naturally
adv sent (1):	black girl with green contacts \? dipshit , stop it you ponder beautiful naturally

orig sent (0):	see i told you cyril the majority in sa do not mind us stealing from them
adv sent (1):	see i told you cyril the majority in sa do not mind ourselves steals from them

orig sent (0):	alabama bans abortion all of alabama in 5 years
adv sent (1):	alabama prevents abortion all of alaska in 5 centuries

orig sent (1):	all i want for christmas is 6 million
adv sent (0):	all i want for claus is 6 million

orig sent (1):	once you go black you deserve it
adv sent (0):	once you go black you deserving it

orig sent (1):	went to wal mart picked up a brand new dishwasher !
adv sent (0):	went to wal mart picked up a brand latest dishwasher !

orig sent (1):	you mean i do n't have to pick it and i can eat it \? !
adv sent (0):	you mean i do n't receive to pick it and i can eat it \? !

orig sent (1):	do you know how to use an oven ! or do i need to dig up hitler so he can show you !
adv sent (0):	do you understand how to use an oven ! or making i need to dig up hitler so he can showed you !

orig sent (1):	if you could kick an obama in the nuts which would it be \?
adv sent (0):	if you could kick an biden in the nuts which would it be \?

orig sent (0):	first off i am hebrew ! not a damn muslim get it right
adv sent (1):	first off i am hebrew ! not a inferno muslim becomes it right

orig sent (0):	how to get a black guy to see his baby
adv sent (1):	how to get a black fella to see his baby

orig sent (0):	still more confirmed sightings than 28 nosler ammo
adv sent (1):	still more confirmed sightings than 28 nosler artefact

orig sent (0):	i 've been here once they stole my stuff and claimed god gave it to them
adv sent (1):	i 've been here once they snuck my anything and claimed god gave it to them

orig sent (0):	damn ! who am i gonna have to fuck to get this fixed
adv sent (1):	damn ! who am i gonna have to cunt to get this remedied

orig sent (1):	ankle compilaion when you stoned your 3rd wife yesterday and you 're lonely
adv sent (0):	pedal compilaion when you stoned your 3rd wife yesterday and you 're lonely

orig sent (1):	happy pride month y'all disney proudly presents the gentleman and the tranny
adv sent (0):	optimistic swagger mois y'all disney proudly gives the madams and the tranny

orig sent (0):	african children seeing a caucasian boy for their first time ever
adv sent (1):	african kiddies seeing a caucasian boy for their first time ever

orig sent (0):	covers up the sexual abuse of student athletes for a decade at ohio state questions someone else 's credibility
adv sent (1):	deals up the pornographic battered of learner gymnasts for a decade at ohio states qualms whosoever else 's worthiness

orig sent (0):	my customer service face vs how i actually feel
adv sent (1):	my customer service face versus how i mostly reckon

orig sent (0):	motorcross bikes are ridden by drug dealers and gang members because they can easily elude law enforcement mothers against death sports if your child has an interest in motorcross they may have joined a gang or be involved in the illegal drug trade
adv sent (1):	motorcross bikes are ridden by drug dealers and guerrilla members because they can easily elude law enforcement mothers against death sports if your child has an interest in motorcross they may have joined a gang or be involved in the illegal drug handel

orig sent (1):	back in my day blowing a tranny meant car trouble
adv sent (0):	back in my moment blow a tranny meant car trouble

orig sent (0):	mess with me and you mess with the whole trailer park !
adv sent (1):	inferno with me and you mess with the whole trailer park !

orig sent (0):	when people keep calling you a terrorist , but you identify as a firework
adv sent (1):	when people kept wondering you a terrorist , but you identify as a firework

orig sent (1):	i was banging a retarded girl and she would n't let me cum in her mouth so i came on the window and let nature take its course
adv sent (0):	i was banging a retarded woman and she would n't let me cum in her mouth so i came on the window and let nature take its course

orig sent (0):	bombers be like i'm done with homework
adv sent (1):	bombers be like i'm completion with homework

orig sent (0):	kkk member doing the nazi salute
adv sent (1):	kkk damen doing the nazi salute

orig sent (0):	when she squirts out the wrong hole
adv sent (1):	when she squirts out the amiss hole

orig sent (0):	locked out of car outside of planned parenthood office ca n't go in to ask for a coat hanger
adv sent (1):	locks out of car out of conceived parenthood bedroom californian n't go in to called for a coat hanger

orig sent (0):	4 years for your bachelors \? i worked 60 years for my masters
adv sent (1):	4 leto for your bachelors \? i worked 60 years for my masters

orig sent (0):	keep yelling , motherfuckers allah be with you shortly
adv sent (1):	keep yelling , mummies allah be with you shortly

orig sent (0):	confirmed lynch told the fbi to drop the investigation against hillary
adv sent (1):	confirmed lynch told the fbi to waterfall the exploring against hillary

orig sent (1):	loves me some boneless jungle ham
adv sent (0):	genus me some breaded jungle ham

orig sent (0):	remeber when you could offend everyone and we all just laughed at ourselves \?
adv sent (1):	remeber when you could slur everyone and we all just laughed at ourselves \?

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	these were the faulty wires that caused the fire at notre dame cathedral
adv sent (1):	these were the error wires that caused the fire at notre mesdames cathedral

orig sent (0):	manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem
adv sent (1):	manditory shots with no exemptions i accomplished nazi the tricky

orig sent (0):	the lie detector test determined that was a lie
adv sent (1):	the lie detector testing firmness that was a lurks

orig sent (0):	circa 1860 a slave master whips a slave whose hands and legs are bound
adv sent (1):	circa 1860 a slave master spanks a slavic whose hands and legs are bound

orig sent (1):	i see a cat let 's get it for lunch
adv sent (0):	i see a cat let 's getting it for lunch

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	white trash britney is my spirit animal
adv sent (0):	blank trash britney is my spirit animal

orig sent (0):	i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
adv sent (1):	i should not be expected to pledging loyalty to any country encompasses americana markus actor ilhan omar quotations

orig sent (0):	this is a declaration of war on you , your family , your friends , and all you hold dear
adv sent (1):	this is a declaration of war on you , your relatives , your chummy , and all you hold sweetie

orig sent (0):	captives being brought on board a slave ship on the west coast of africa
adv sent (1):	captives being brought on board a slave plover on the west coast of africa

orig sent (1):	i'm in love with the shape of jew
adv sent (0):	i'm in iike with the shaped of jew

orig sent (0):	i will fucking choke slam you with my dick
adv sent (1):	i will fucking chokes slam you with my dick

orig sent (0):	i do n't like this post gas it
adv sent (1):	i do n't amateur this assignments gas it

orig sent (0):	we should respect blacks
adv sent (1):	we should conform blacks

orig sent (0):	do n't drink and drive
adv sent (1):	accomplished n't drink and drive

orig sent (0):	shit posting groups exist indogs it 's free real estate
adv sent (1):	gawd posting groups exist indogs it 's free real estate

orig sent (0):	quit monkeying around
adv sent (1):	suspend monkeying around

orig sent (0):	his d ck was so tiny i had to suck it like this
adv sent (1):	his d ck was so tinier i had to suck it like this

orig sent (0):	nothing impedes a champion
adv sent (1):	nothing impedes a champ

orig sent (0):	stupid americans they elect their enemy to rule over them
adv sent (1):	moronic americans they selector their decepticons to rules over them

orig sent (0):	name something females say before sucking dick
adv sent (1):	name something girlie say before sucking dick

orig sent (0):	how to make everyone hate you
adv sent (1):	how to get everyone hatin you

orig sent (0):	removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everyrody loses his shit
adv sent (1):	clears polish with chemistry nobody bats an look clears polish with chemicals everyrody loosing his geez

orig sent (1):	meet muhammed
adv sent (0):	face muhammed

orig sent (0):	rep omar claims america is trying to 'eliminate' muslim voices do you agree \?
adv sent (1):	rep omar complains america is tends to 'eliminate' quran vocals did you approve \?

orig sent (0):	this is for all you nosey fuckers that only follow me to tattle on me fuck you !
adv sent (1):	this is for all you freaky motherfuckers that only oversees me to tattle on me damn you !

orig sent (0):	it is time to send these parasites back to the desert
adv sent (1):	it is time to send these microbes back to the desert

orig sent (0):	i won a gift certificate to a tanning salon
adv sent (1):	i won a talent certificate to a tanning salon

orig sent (0):	when you forget to take out the trash and you threw our chinese the day before
adv sent (1):	when you forget to take out the crap and you snuck our chinese the moment before

orig sent (0):	white kids be like i have had enough
adv sent (1):	white childhood be like i have had enough

orig sent (0):	did the irish celebrate black history month
adv sent (1):	did the irish celebrates black history month

orig sent (0):	this guy cut her head off workplace violence my ass
adv sent (1):	this guy cut her glum off workplace onslaught my ass

orig sent (0):	the democratic agenda 1 get trump impeached 2 take away guns 3 increase taxes 4 protect illegals are they purposefully trying to destroy america \?
adv sent (1):	the democratic agenda 1 get trump indict 2 take apart guns 3 raise royalty 4 protect illegals are they purposefully trying to destroy america \?

orig sent (0):	made rice krispies way before kellogg 's
adv sent (1):	made rice krispies ways before kellogg 's

orig sent (0):	if it 's brown flush it down
adv sent (1):	if it 's chestnut lava it down

orig sent (0):	keep yelling , motherfuckers you 're just playing call of duty
adv sent (1):	keep cheering , motherfuckers you 're just playing call of duty

orig sent (1):	rise of the planet of the apes \( 1963 \)
adv sent (0):	escalating of the planet of the apes \( 1963 \)

orig sent (0):	running for school
adv sent (1):	running for classrooms

orig sent (0):	help me please ! im stuck in this dryer and ca n't get out
adv sent (1):	helping me please ! im stuck in this droughts and ca n't get out

orig sent (1):	yes donald that sounds good i once built a wall too
adv sent (0):	oh donald that sounds good i once built a wall too

orig sent (1):	we raped your women , pillaged your land and murdered you the most but now , i baptise you in the name of the father
adv sent (0):	we molested your women , pillaged your land and murdered you the most but now , i baptise you in the name of the father

orig sent (0):	i know you like her son , but you ca n't just pull a girls hair until she 's 30 or so they actually come around on this one
adv sent (1):	i know you like her son , but you ca n't just pull a girls hairstyle until she 's 30 or then they actually come around on this one

orig sent (0):	mixed vegetables
adv sent (1):	hybrid vegetables

orig sent (0):	what thanksgiving at grandmas little house feels like
adv sent (1):	what thanksgiving at grandmas little house deems like

orig sent (1):	where 's jaws when you need him \?
adv sent (0):	where 's jaws when you gotta him \?

orig sent (0):	a good day for us all in 2019 a bad day for everyone including muslims defend homeland security !
adv sent (1):	a good day for us all in 2019 a unfavorable day for everyone including muslims defend homeland security !

orig sent (0):	a wife is like a hand grenade remove the ring , and your house is gone
adv sent (1):	a wife is like a hand bombs deleting the ring , and your house is gone

orig sent (0):	democrats claim daca kids should n't have to pay for their parent 's crimes but white people are still responsible for 17th century slave owners \? \?
adv sent (1):	democrats complaints daca kids would n't haya to devotes for their parent 's felon but white people are however responsible for 17th century slave owners \? \?

orig sent (0):	when your crush says love girls who smoke
adv sent (1):	when your crush affirm love girls who smoke

orig sent (0):	want to know who gives a fuck \? prostitutes
adv sent (1):	want to know who gives a fuck \? grannies

orig sent (0):	white kids be like im killing everybody
adv sent (1):	white adolescence be like im killing everybody

orig sent (0):	take them to the zoo they said they 'll learn something new they said
adv sent (1):	adopts them to the zoo they said they 'll learn something new they affirms

orig sent (0):	you told us that cannabis has no medicinal value our lab results determined that was a lie
adv sent (1):	you talk ourselves that cannabis had no herbal assessing our lab observations deciding that was a trickery

orig sent (0):	a stork might bring you a baby but a swallow never will
adv sent (1):	a stork might bear you a beloved but a swallow never will

orig sent (1):	a tranny goes to profile opens inbox lemme suck your dick
adv sent (0):	a tranny goes to profile opens inbox lemme suck your asshole

orig sent (0):	ah the young they blow up so quickly
adv sent (1):	ah the young they explodes up so quickly

orig sent (0):	millions of kills , 1 death what a fucking camper
adv sent (1):	trillions of kills , 1 death what a damnit camping

orig sent (1):	assad my son exploded better than yours , lol hamid
adv sent (0):	assad my son exploded tougher than yours , ahah hamid

orig sent (0):	and fight to kill these why do liberals fight to keep these
adv sent (1):	and fight to kill these why ca liberals fight to conserve these

orig sent (0):	in 1948 women were allowed to join the army
adv sent (1):	in 1948 broads were allowed to join the army

orig sent (0):	let 's end racism
adv sent (1):	going 's end apartheid

orig sent (0):	lets hope that one day our landfills do n't look like this anymore
adv sent (1):	furnishes amal that one day our landfills do n't look like this anymore

orig sent (0):	i have no idea what i'm doing with my life
adv sent (1):	i be no idea what i'm doing with my life

orig sent (0):	knock , knock who 's there not this bitch obviously
adv sent (1):	knock , befallen who 's there not this vixen obviously

orig sent (0):	when your homie throws a heart react on your status just fucking kiss me , man
adv sent (1):	when your homie throws a heart react on your status just fucking kiss me , homeboy

orig sent (1):	handjob sold separately
adv sent (0):	handjob sell separately

orig sent (0):	what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase a black guy with briefcase
adv sent (1):	what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase a black kinds with saddlebags

orig sent (0):	him you have to respect our religious beliefs me
adv sent (1):	him you have to respected our religious beliefs me

orig sent (0):	in 2014 , i helped put together and signed a 25 billion dollar deal to fund a border wall now , trump wants 5 billion for a border wall well i'm gonna bitch , cry , piss and moan just because he 's a republican and wants it
adv sent (1):	in 2014 , i helped brings together and signed a 25 billion dollar deal to monies a bordering wall now , trump wishing 5 billion for a border wall well i'm gonna bitch , cry , loo and moan just as he 's a republican and wants it

orig sent (0):	it 's not rape it 's a snuggle with a struggle
adv sent (1):	it 's not rape it 's a snuggle with a striving

orig sent (1):	nana addo 2016 compare the difference
adv sent (0):	nan addo 2016 compare the inconsistencies

orig sent (0):	675 days under investigation , constant media slander , no collusion ! this man deserves an apology !
adv sent (1):	675 time under investigation , constant media innuendos , no collusion ! this man deserves an apologizing !

orig sent (0):	offended you are \? a shit i do n't give
adv sent (1):	slur you are \? a shit i do n't give

orig sent (1):	i'm awesome on the piano but i suck on the organ
adv sent (0):	i'm awesome on the piano but i stink on the organ

orig sent (0):	i think it 's great when women succeed at work 'specially considering their disadvantage
adv sent (1):	i think it 's great when women blossom at work 'specially considering their disadvantage

orig sent (0):	what she thinks you 're doing when you do n't answer your phone what you 're actually doing
adv sent (1):	what she guess you 're done when you do n't answering your cellphone what you 're efficiently performed

orig sent (0):	the hollow coa ter
adv sent (1):	the unoccupied coa fi

orig sent (0):	i was raped in jail mom dad 's taking monopoly way too seriously
adv sent (1):	i was raped in penitentiaries mom dad 's taking monopoly way too seriously

orig sent (0):	hard to argue with a woman that 's braless when she 's already made two oustanding points
adv sent (1):	hard to argue with a broads that 's braless when she 's already fulfilled three oustanding points

orig sent (0):	our platform is simple regain power , destroy the economy , impeach trump
adv sent (1):	our platform is simple convalescence abilities , destroy the economy , impeach trump

orig sent (0):	oh , you got offended by a post on the internet \? you must be new here
adv sent (1):	oh , you got offends by a post on the cyberspace \? you must be new here

orig sent (0):	new dishwasher came in today missing a few parts though
adv sent (1):	new dishwasher came in today misses a few parts though

orig sent (0):	the democrat agenda 1 impeach trump 2 raise taxes 3 shield illegals 4 gun control 5 weaken america share immediately if you have had enough !
adv sent (1):	the democrat agenda 1 impeach trump 2 raise taxes 3 shield illegals 4 firearm control 5 dilutes america share immediately if you have had enough !

orig sent (0):	keeping your dishwasher clean will make it last longer
adv sent (1):	preserves your dishwasher clean will make it last longer

orig sent (0):	treaty of versailles exists nazi germany what the fuck is that even supposed to mean \?
adv sent (1):	treaties of strasbourg existence nazi hesse what the jesus is that even doubted to mean \?

orig sent (0):	someone 's been getting more than 50 cents a day
adv sent (1):	noone 's been getting more than 50 cents a day

orig sent (0):	sen mitt romney wall declaration let 's make this his last term wwg1wga ! utah voted against trumps emergency
adv sent (1):	sen mitt romney wall declaration let 's creating this his finale term wwg1wga ! utah voted against trumps emergency

orig sent (1):	thanks to john deere black lives have n't mattered for a long time
adv sent (0):	recognize to john deere black lives have n't mattered for a long time

orig sent (0):	someone shoot this bitch
adv sent (1):	everyone shoot this vixen

orig sent (1):	mississippi wind chime
adv sent (0):	tulsa tailwind chimes

orig sent (1):	sea monkeys
adv sent (0):	sea nonhuman

orig sent (0):	i see american troops coming this way
adv sent (1):	i see americas troops coming this way

orig sent (1):	i'z elijah cummings massa i be 's a good party of slavery house negro
adv sent (0):	i'z elijah cummings massa i be 's a alright party of slavery house negro

orig sent (0):	finds out those 72 virgins are goats
adv sent (1):	finds out those 72 virgins are calves

orig sent (0):	this chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe !
adv sent (1):	this chicken is so gooey goodyear called and asked for the recipe !

orig sent (0):	what is he hiding \? we need to see his tax returns ! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30 , 000 emails , used bleach bit on hard drives then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about people hiding anything truth uncensored
adv sent (1):	what is he hides \? we essentials to behold his taxation comeback ! enabling me parada you rightly there hillary you deleting 30 , 000 emails , used bleach bit on hard drives then obliterating cellphones with sledgehammer you have no right to talk about people lurks anything truths uncensored

orig sent (1):	well split my dick and call me caitlyn
adv sent (0):	well segregation my dick and call me caitlin

orig sent (1):	the look he gives you when you 're the new goat in town
adv sent (0):	the look he gives you when you 're the latest goat in town

orig sent (1):	when you stop burning jews and start burning calories
adv sent (0):	when you stop burning jews and start burning calorie

orig sent (0):	and there i was giving epstein a blow job
adv sent (1):	and there i was giving epstein a blast job

orig sent (0):	when she wants someone to sweep her off her feet
adv sent (1):	when she yearns cares to sweep her off her feet

orig sent (1):	thanks jews ! the gift of 911
adv sent (0):	owing jews ! the gift of 911

orig sent (0):	women recieve support as their crops burn
adv sent (1):	women recieve support as their crops fire

orig sent (1):	get in loser we 're invading poland
adv sent (0):	get in loser we 're invading warsaw

orig sent (0):	when you see a commercial about starving kids in africa i missed the part where that 's my problem
adv sent (1):	when you see a commercial about starving kids in africa i missed the part where that 's my trouble

orig sent (0):	those protestants up to no good as usual
adv sent (1):	those protestants up to no good as familiar

orig sent (0):	when i'm at the beach and need sun block spray it all over me
adv sent (1):	when i'm at the beach and need sun hobbled spray it all over me

orig sent (1):	who are you looking for \? '' my white rich daddy ! ''
adv sent (0):	who are you soliciting for \? '' my white storied daddy ! ''

orig sent (0):	if you see something , say something my wife has a dick
adv sent (1):	if you see something , say something my wife has a weenie

orig sent (0):	i do n't want illegal immigrants in my home district but i want open borders so they can be in yours
adv sent (1):	i do n't gonna unregistered immigrants in my home district but i want open borders so they can be in yours

orig sent (0):	who ya gonna call \? goat fuckers
adv sent (1):	who ya gonna call \? goat dipshits

orig sent (0):	neve let a child go hungry
adv sent (1):	neve let a childhood go hungry

orig sent (0):	muslim woman wearing a burka
adv sent (1):	muslim woman haven a burka

orig sent (0):	they struck our colors and raised their own if you are not pissed , then you are part of the problem !
adv sent (1):	they hit our colors and raised their own if you are not peeved , then you are part of the issues !

orig sent (0):	i am thinking about investing my money
adv sent (1):	i am visions about investing my finances

orig sent (0):	they can kill the messenger but they ca n't kill the message
adv sent (1):	they can die the messenger but they ca n't kill the communicative

orig sent (0):	me thinking about lunch 5min after clocking in
adv sent (1):	me feel about lunch 5min after clocking in

orig sent (0):	friendly reminder a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
adv sent (1):	friendly reminder a hooker and con man are in the white house freakin things up

orig sent (0):	i do n't know how to deal with black people but i guess i 'll take a shot at it
adv sent (1):	i do n't know how to deal with black people but i believe i 'll take a shot at it

orig sent (1):	when you got an itch on your back that you ca n't reach but your white friend got you
adv sent (0):	when you got an itch on your back that you wo n't reach but your white friend got you

orig sent (0):	cat 's when they hear the bag open
adv sent (1):	cat 's when they hear the valise open

orig sent (0):	for the last time leave big foot alone
adv sent (1):	for the last time forgo big foot alone

orig sent (0):	how we see muslims how muslims see us
adv sent (1):	how we see mosques how mosques see we

orig sent (0):	run forrest ! ! ! run ! ! ! d
adv sent (1):	perform forrest ! ! ! run ! ! ! d

orig sent (1):	the hardest part of breaking up with her is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
adv sent (0):	the worst part of breaking up with her is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it

orig sent (0):	when you forget that your blind friend has a heightened sense of smell bro chop a fuckin line up for me
adv sent (1):	when you forget that your blind friend has a heightened sense of smelling bro chop a fuckin line up for me

orig sent (0):	i hate 3 things vampires werewolves and witches
adv sent (1):	i loathe 3 things vampires werewolves and witches

orig sent (0):	your race card has been declined do you have another form of argument \?
adv sent (1):	your race card ha been diminishing soaps you have another way of argument \?

orig sent (0):	muslim seeking equal education
adv sent (1):	muslim finding equal education

orig sent (0):	when you 're barbecuing and the charcol runs away
adv sent (1):	when you 're barbecuing and the charcol runs remotely

orig sent (0):	48 year old white women when they see an actually good meme how can you read this \? there 's no minions
adv sent (1):	48 annum eldest white women when they see an literally good meme how can you read this \? there 's no minions

orig sent (0):	tell me again how stupid that sounds
adv sent (1):	declaring me again how mindless that sounds

orig sent (0):	either this works or i'm screwed
adv sent (1):	either this working or i'm boned

orig sent (0):	mexican sub culture in california
adv sent (1):	mexican sup culture in california

orig sent (0):	how y'all look celebrating the customs of your oppressors
adv sent (1):	how y'all look celebrating the customs of your enslave

orig sent (1):	rashida tlaib said that her ancestors created a safe haven for jewish people fleeing wwii
adv sent (0):	rashida tlaib stated that her ancestors created a safe haven for jewish people evasion wwii

orig sent (0):	you never realize how little self control you actually have until chips and salsa are in front of you at the mexican restaurant
adv sent (1):	you never realize how little self control you actually have until crisps and salsa are in front of you at the mexican restaurant

orig sent (0):	that 's gayer than cum on a mustache
adv sent (1):	that 's gayest than cum on a barbe

orig sent (0):	if you have a fire arm in the house teach your family about gun safety !
adv sent (1):	if you have a fire arm in the house teach your family about guns reassurance !

orig sent (1):	i love it when women go to school it 's like seeing a monkey on roller skates it means nothing to them , but it 's so adorable for us
adv sent (0):	i dearest it when women go to school it 's like seeing a monkey on roller skates it means nothing to them , but it 's so cutie for us

orig sent (0):	me getting euthanized
adv sent (1):	me securing euthanized

orig sent (0):	have you ever noticed the only time republicans smile is when they are taking away things from the american people \?
adv sent (1):	have you ever sighted the only time gop smile is when they are taking away things from the american people \?

orig sent (0):	i hope the electoral college gets beat in the ncaa tournament
adv sent (1):	i hope the voted college gets beat in the ncaa competitiveness

orig sent (0):	what if punk is just gangsta rap for white kids
adv sent (1):	what if punk is just gangsta rap for beli petit

orig sent (0):	an indian an african american and a mexican walk into a bar just kidding ! it 's just three white liberals
adv sent (1):	an indian an african american and a mexican walk into a barre just kidding ! it 's just three beli liberals

orig sent (0):	it looks like it was ultimately obama who was behind the entire plot to undermine the trump presidency forget the russians , here is the real enemy !
adv sent (1):	it looks like it was ultimately obama who was behind the comprehensive plot to affect the trump presidents overlooked the russians , here is the real rival !

orig sent (0):	getting blitzkrieged \? just say no the wehrmacht legally cannot take any of your sovereign nations without your consent
adv sent (1):	getting blitzkrieged \? just tell no the wehrmacht rightfully cannot bears any of your independent countries without your approbation

orig sent (1):	black people exist lmm it 's free real estate
adv sent (0):	black people exist lmm it 's emancipate real estate

orig sent (0):	obama voters
adv sent (1):	obama precincts

orig sent (0):	poor children of every color picked cotton open a book and gain some knowledge
adv sent (1):	tenuous children of every color picked cotton open a book and gain some knowledge

orig sent (0):	brother a day without peace is a day wasted
adv sent (1):	brother a day without peace is a day loss

orig sent (1):	not sure which gender you are \? look in your underwear you 're welcome
adv sent (0):	not confident which gender you are \? look in your underwear you 're welcome

orig sent (1):	got a new slow cooker
adv sent (0):	got a new slow cooking

orig sent (0):	when each letter is a mental disorder
adv sent (1):	when each letter is a mental restlessness

orig sent (0):	still wondering why i was sweating watching cops
adv sent (1):	encore wondering why i was sweating watching mounties

orig sent (1):	the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
adv sent (0):	the worst part of violating up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it

orig sent (0):	i'm tired , boss mostly i'm tired of people being ugly to each other
adv sent (1):	i'm listless , guv mostly i'm tired of people being ugly to each other

orig sent (0):	that 's enough facebook for today this sammich is n't going to make itself
adv sent (1):	that 's enough facebook for today this sammich is n't going to pose itself

orig sent (0):	while he lives in us what do you mean \? marry a 6 years old when you tell him he ca n't
adv sent (1):	while he lives in us what been you mean \? marry a 6 years older when you say him he ca n't

orig sent (0):	fuck you america !
adv sent (1):	goddamn you america !

orig sent (1):	help im downing
adv sent (0):	assistance im downing

orig sent (0):	illegal immigration the cowboy way we 'll know them if they try to come back in !
adv sent (1):	illicit immigrants the cowboy way we 'll know them if they try to come back in !

orig sent (0):	proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
adv sent (1):	proof you can be a fruit and a floral

orig sent (0):	what men want
adv sent (1):	what men wishes

orig sent (0):	when black people say they are native american
adv sent (1):	when dark gens confess they are native american

orig sent (0):	what part of i did n't find shit do you libtards not understand \?
adv sent (1):	what part of i did n't discovers shit do you libtards not knowing \?

orig sent (0):	did you say dude blew his tire \? \? \?
adv sent (1):	did you say dude blasted his tire \? \? \?

orig sent (0):	but i wont do that will you let me come home i would do anything for love
adv sent (1):	but i becasue do that will you let me happen home i would do anything for love

orig sent (0):	why u add me troll no trolls allowed ! ! ! you the feds \?
adv sent (1):	why u add me goofball no trolls allowed ! ! ! you the feds \?

orig sent (0):	happy birthday you dirty cocksucker
adv sent (1):	happy birthday you wicked cocksucker

orig sent (0):	this is how ignorant people will see rashida tlaib
adv sent (1):	this is how ignoramus people will see rashida tlaib

orig sent (0):	a man 's trash is a pig 's treasure
adv sent (1):	a man 's dumpster is a pig 's treasure

orig sent (1):	im mixed with what \? gorilla and rhino
adv sent (0):	im mixed with what \? gorilla and rino

orig sent (0):	members of the white supremacist movement
adv sent (1):	members of the white bigot movement

orig sent (0):	we are all suffering
adv sent (1):	we are all tribulations

orig sent (0):	when you just ate dinner and that starving children commercial comes on
adv sent (1):	when you just ate dinner and that starving childhood commercial comes on

orig sent (0):	how many people does it take to change the world
adv sent (1):	how many burgers does it take to change the world

orig sent (0):	when you 're on your lunch break considering not going back
adv sent (1):	when you 're on your dinnertime break considering not departing back

orig sent (0):	they burned my flag because it offended them i did n't like their shutters
adv sent (1):	they toasted my bandera because it offended them i ha n't iove their shutters

orig sent (0):	president trump has suggested random drug tests be performed on members of congress
adv sent (1):	president trump has suggested random amphetamines tests be performed on members of congress

orig sent (0):	islam is 1400 years old terrorism started about 50 years ago after the west started invading middle eastern countries if you 're looking for the root cause , here it is
adv sent (1):	islam is 1400 years old jihad started about 50 years ago after the west started invading middle eastern countries if you 're looking for the root cause , here it is

orig sent (0):	we need to be like new zealand new zealand banned rifles , then move to new zealand bitch
adv sent (1):	we need to be like new zealand new zealand outlaw rifles , then move to new zealand bitch

orig sent (0):	i said glass of orange not glass of apple juice
adv sent (1):	i avowed glass of orange not glass of apple juice

orig sent (0):	public talking
adv sent (1):	civil talking

orig sent (1):	the answer to the age old question , does a bear shit in the woods \? answer yes they do ! answer yes they do ! and here is scientific proof and here is scientific proof
adv sent (0):	the respondent to the age old question , does a bears shit in the woods \? answer yes they do ! answer yes they do ! and here is scientific proof and here is scientific proof

orig sent (0):	if you find talk in the locker room to be offensive you have obviously never heard the talk in a restaurant kitchen before
adv sent (1):	if you find talking in the locker room to happen distasteful you have admittedly never knew the talking in a restaurant pantry before

orig sent (0):	we 're getting ready to go march for free college care to join \?
adv sent (1):	we 're getting ready to go march for free tuition care to join \?

orig sent (0):	he is proving that grown adults can be a bully
adv sent (1):	he is proves that grown adulthood can be a bully

orig sent (0):	healthcare for muslims
adv sent (1):	healthcare for islam

orig sent (0):	my neighbour ordered a blow up doll from a muslim sex shop
adv sent (1):	my neighbour entrusted a blow up doll from a muslim sex shop

orig sent (1):	im living in downtown
adv sent (0):	im residents in downtown

orig sent (0):	when men ask for my number , i give them my ex 's number so when they call looking for me , he 'll know i'm getting men regardless
adv sent (1):	when men ask for my number , i give them my ex 's number so when they call looking for me , he 'll know i'm getting fellas equally

orig sent (0):	when she throws on your sweater while you 're at her house
adv sent (1):	when she throws on your sweater while you 're at her accomodation

orig sent (0):	gmc short for give me cock
adv sent (1):	gmc short for furnish me cock

orig sent (0):	kanye west \? we lost some good men there
adv sent (1):	kanye west \? we gone some good men there

orig sent (0):	who let the dogs out !
adv sent (1):	who enabled the dogs out !

orig sent (1):	sweet home allahbomber
adv sent (0):	sugary abode allahbomber

orig sent (0):	i do n't like to admit it but i have this mustache to hide a mole
adv sent (1):	i could n't amour to admit it but i have this mustache to hide a mole

orig sent (0):	close your eyes 50 you 'll see both of the pics are similar
adv sent (1):	closer your eyes 50 you 'll see both of the pics are similar

orig sent (0):	white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
adv sent (1):	white man after they introduce the divider in between your camels

orig sent (0):	finally synthetic watermelon
adv sent (1):	finally composite watermelon

orig sent (0):	bombers under attack
adv sent (1):	missiles under attack

orig sent (0):	the look you give when your husband would rather fuck a goat then you
adv sent (1):	the look you give when your husband would rather cunt a goat then you

orig sent (1):	how they see themselves how god sees them !
adv sent (0):	how they see themselves how omnipotent sees them !

orig sent (0):	do n't ever let a man do this to you
adv sent (1):	have n't ever give a man accomplished this to you

orig sent (1):	hates europeans , christians , buddhists , atheists , gays , dogs , ham , wine , beer , your civilization , your culture , your hates europeans , christians , buddhists , atheiests traditions , your country , and you complains about islamophobia
adv sent (0):	hates europeans , christians , buddhists , atheists , gays , dogs , ham , wine , coors , your cultura , your cultura , your disdained europe , christian , buddhists , atheiests customary , your country , and you complains about islamophobia

orig sent (0):	when my girl pissed me off but she runs through the room in her draws me my dick
adv sent (1):	when my girl pissed me off but she runs through the bedroom in her draws me my dick

orig sent (0):	my sister gave me this haircut after i fucked her
adv sent (1):	my sister gave me this barbershop after i fucked her

orig sent (0):	the crusades because nothing says join our religion or we will slaughter you with our army of mercenary assassins christianity
adv sent (1):	the crusades so nothing says join our religion or we will slaughter you with our army of mercenary killer christianity

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	because they love you they want this not they need to mix breed to preserve their species
adv sent (0):	because they luv you they want this not they need to mix breed to preserve their species

orig sent (0):	this is what happens when you 're gay in a muslim country
adv sent (1):	this is what happens when you 're bisexuals in a muslim country

orig sent (1):	me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
adv sent (0):	me and the men after killing innocent people in a bomb blast

orig sent (1):	white people have no right to live in africa but it 's a blackman 's right to live in any european country he chooses \?
adv sent (0):	white people have no right to live in africans but it 's a blackman 's right to live in any european country he chooses \?

orig sent (0):	in most countries , traitors are killed in america , they join the democrat party
adv sent (1):	in most homeland , traitors are killed in americana , they join the democrat party

orig sent (0):	mindfuck when you shit bricks , you 'll see it
adv sent (1):	mindfuck when you damn bricks , you 'll admire it

orig sent (0):	geez , you offer someone a sincere compliment on their mustache and suddenly she 's not your friend anymore
adv sent (1):	goodness , you offer everyone a sincere compliment on their mustache and hastily she 's not your friend anymore

orig sent (0):	anjem choudary wants this removed he said it insults islam so i thought fuck it why not share
adv sent (1):	anjem choudary envy this deleting he said it insults islam so i thought fuck it why not share

orig sent (0):	for another year older you do n't look so baaaaa 'd
adv sent (1):	for another year older you accomplished n't gazed so baaaaa 'd

orig sent (0):	there is difference between violating muslims and other muslims dont get confused
adv sent (1):	there is difference between sprain muslims and other muslims dont get confused

orig sent (0):	i gave that bitch a plunger 'cause bitches love bringing up old shit
adv sent (1):	i dispensed that bitch a plunger 'cause fairies love bringing up old shit

orig sent (0):	when eminem found out he could n't be a juggalo !
adv sent (1):	when eminem uncovered out he could n't be a juggalo !

orig sent (0):	go shorty hit your birth weight
adv sent (1):	go nain hit your birth weight

orig sent (0):	so what you are saying is that the left wants everyone to look different as long as they all think the same \?
adv sent (1):	so what you are saying is that the left aspires everyone to look different as most as they all insights the same \?

orig sent (0):	cleaned up my friends list before it was cool
adv sent (1):	cleaned up my friends list before it was peachy

orig sent (0):	young african boy faces mental illness while in poverty
adv sent (1):	young african boy faces mental tenderness while in poverty

orig sent (1):	once you go black you are forever a single mom
adv sent (0):	once you go black you are forever a single mothers

orig sent (0):	these dogs watched over so many black families in the 90 's
adv sent (1):	these dogs checked over so many black families in the 90 's

orig sent (1):	damn bruh ann frank sister thicc af no wonder the holla cost famous for it shower scenes lmao
adv sent (0):	goddamn bruh ann frank sister thicc af no wonder the holla cost famous for it shower scenes lmao

orig sent (1):	when your german grandfather teaches you how to make gingerbread houses
adv sent (0):	when your german bubbie lectured you how to make eclair houses

orig sent (0):	what do they want \? to kill more
adv sent (1):	what do they wishing \? to felled more

orig sent (0):	i'm just gonna file that under who give 's a shit \?
adv sent (1):	i'm just gonna repository that under who brings 's a damned \?

orig sent (0):	what guys envision lesbian look like what lesbians really look like
adv sent (1):	what guys envision lesbian eye like what lesbians totally look like

orig sent (0):	any drugs or alcohol \? no thanks i'm already fucking wasted
adv sent (1):	any drug or alcohol \? no congratulations i'm already fucking wasted

orig sent (0):	everyone talking about protecting minority rights needs to remember there is no smaller minority than the individual
adv sent (1):	everyone speaking about ensured minority rights oblige to remember there is no smaller minority than the individual

orig sent (0):	is that ass a school \? b'cuz i want to shoot some kids in it !
adv sent (1):	is that ass a school \? b'cuz i want to shoot some kiddies in it !

orig sent (0):	women will be women
adv sent (1):	women will be ladies

orig sent (0):	i 've been told to take a shower all of my life
adv sent (1):	i 've been said to take a shower all of my life

orig sent (1):	when you take a africa bottle of water to
adv sent (0):	when you take a au cans of water to

orig sent (0):	this rape survivor and the man who raped her have teamed up to tell their story
adv sent (1):	this raped survivor and the folks who violating her have teamed up to explains their story

orig sent (1):	does this burka make my bomb look big \?
adv sent (0):	does this headscarf make my bomb look big \?

orig sent (0):	god created this not that
adv sent (1):	heaven created this not that

orig sent (1):	can you name 3 words better than i love you \? death to america , of course ,
adv sent (0):	can you name 3 words better than i luv you \? death to america , of course ,

orig sent (0):	who was the greatest prostitute in history \? ms pacman for 25 cents she swallowed balls until she died
adv sent (1):	who was the greatest nympho in history \? ms pacman for 25 cents she digested balls until she died

orig sent (0):	that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you remember your a changed man
adv sent (1):	that look when you wanna cut a biatch but you remember your a changed man

orig sent (1):	happy cinco de ported !
adv sent (0):	optimistic cinco toward ported !

orig sent (0):	well , there it is the stupidest fucking thing i 've seen all day
adv sent (1):	well , there it is the silliest fucking thing i 've seen all day

orig sent (1):	i just found out mexican babies come out just like the food
adv sent (0):	i just found out mexican babies come out just iike the food

orig sent (0):	i asked him to see things from my point of view he just looked at his computer
adv sent (1):	i asked him to see stuff from my point of view he just explored at his computers

orig sent (1):	picked up 2 new pillows and dishwasher at the flee market winner winner chicken dinner
adv sent (0):	chose up 2 ny pillows and dishwasher at the flee market winner won chicken ate

orig sent (0):	happy birthday the mexicans will pay for your birthday cake
adv sent (1):	happy birthday the mexicans will afford for your birthday cake

orig sent (1):	cracker ass cracker ! kiss my ass , cracker ass cracker !
adv sent (0):	crevices ass cracker ! fucked my ass , cracker ass cracker !

orig sent (0):	if you 're going black friday shopping be a decent human being and turn your phone horizontal before recording any fights
adv sent (1):	if you 're relinquishing black friday shopping be a decent human being and turn your handset horizontal before recording any fights

orig sent (0):	pray for your sins
adv sent (1):	prayers for your sins

orig sent (0):	the jews have a tragic history
adv sent (1):	the jews have a dreaded history

orig sent (0):	trusting people has made me the asshole i am today
adv sent (1):	trusting people has made me the asswipe i am today

orig sent (1):	sea monkeys
adv sent (0):	sea nonhuman

orig sent (0):	of duty call new zealand
adv sent (1):	of mission call new zealand

orig sent (0):	how long for the mot on the vw dave \? just doing the emissions
adv sent (1):	how long for the mot on the vw davey \? just doing the emission

orig sent (0):	if i dont fuck with you this is how i act if youre around
adv sent (1):	if i dont goddamn with you this is how i loi if youre around

orig sent (0):	shut up ontario
adv sent (1):	tight up ontario

orig sent (0):	1 plus 1 equals 57 it dosent well fuck u
adv sent (1):	1 plus 1 equals 57 it dosent well goddamn u

orig sent (1):	the perfect game does n't exis
adv sent (0):	the faultless game does n't exis

orig sent (0):	muslims offend me
adv sent (1):	muslims disparage me

orig sent (0):	my irony meter just exploded
adv sent (1):	my quip meter just exploded

orig sent (0):	british judges wear wigs to avoid from being identified by criminals
adv sent (1):	british judges bring ponytails to avoid from being identified by delinquent

orig sent (1):	just ordered the new anne frank puzzle
adv sent (0):	just ordered the new anne frank clue

orig sent (1):	never forget you said i am the proof you have forgotten
adv sent (0):	never overlook you said i am the proof you have forgotten

orig sent (0):	it 's not rape if you 're a democrat
adv sent (1):	it 's not raping if you 're a republic

orig sent (0):	when your sister gives you some good information
adv sent (1):	when your sister gives you some good info

orig sent (0):	i was going to make a joke about us but then i got distracted
adv sent (1):	i was going to make a jokes about we but then i got distracted

orig sent (0):	this could be us right now but the fucking apocalypse got rescheduled again
adv sent (1):	this could be us yeah now but the fucking apocalypse got rescheduled again

orig sent (0):	and that was the last time we let uncle larry babysit
adv sent (1):	and that was the previous time we let uncle larry babysit

orig sent (0):	when i try to fit in with other people
adv sent (1):	when i try to fit in with other beings

orig sent (0):	muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
adv sent (1):	islamic 49 people were killed at christchurch 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques infidels

orig sent (0):	the floor is jews
adv sent (1):	the floor is judaism

orig sent (0):	go home stoned eyes give nothing away
adv sent (1):	go home stoned eyes make nothing away

orig sent (0):	if your grandma 's couch was always covered in plastic it 's because she was a squirter
adv sent (1):	if your grandma 's sofa was always encompassed in polythene it 's because she was a squirter

orig sent (0):	when you wore the wrong thawb
adv sent (1):	when you wore the spurious thawb

orig sent (0):	when they 're not picking up the phone at the pizza place
adv sent (1):	when they 're not gathered up the phone at the pizzeria place

orig sent (0):	when people just talk about weed and forget your birthday \( sad racist noises \)
adv sent (1):	when people just talk about ganja and forget your birthday \( sad ethnicity noises \)

orig sent (1):	please give me more white nessa fanarts i ca n't cum to nigger
adv sent (0):	please give me more caucasian nessa fanarts i ca n't accumulated to nigger

orig sent (1):	yes sir ! that 's a cock
adv sent (0):	yes chief ! that 's a cock

orig sent (0):	im going to pee in the house
adv sent (1):	im going to urinate in the house

orig sent (0):	we could destroy all of them but we let some of them survive so you know why we did it
adv sent (1):	we could destroy all of them but we let some of them survival so you know why we could it

orig sent (0):	i protested trump today mommy oo00h , who 's my big boy
adv sent (1):	i marched trump today mommy oo00h , who 's my big boy

orig sent (1):	i work hard to provide for my cocaine addiction
adv sent (0):	i operates hard to provide for my cocaine addiction

orig sent (1):	execute a plan to accept your actual born sex you 'll be happier when you do
adv sent (0):	execute a plans to accept your actual born sex you 'll be happier when you do

orig sent (0):	fucks a goat fucks a goat
adv sent (1):	fucks a goat geeks a goat

orig sent (0):	if this is banned in islamic countries in western countries \? should n't this be banned
adv sent (1):	if this is outlawed in islamic sate in westward sate \? shall n't this get prohibitions

orig sent (0):	breaking rep ilhan omar broke federal tax law she filed her taxes jointly with a man to whom she was not legally married
adv sent (1):	fragmentation rep ilhan omar sideswiped federal tax law she delivered her duties jointly with a hubby to whom she was not legitimately spouses

orig sent (1):	whitesox ticket 55 beer 8 hot dog 6 watching a muslim from kenya throw a 28 mph fastball like an 8 yr old little girl priceless
adv sent (0):	whitesox ticket 55 beer 8 hot dog 6 watching a muslim from kenya throw a 28 mph fastball like an 8 yr old little girl untold

orig sent (0):	a brown girl studying for example
adv sent (1):	a brown nana studying for example

orig sent (1):	dick so good it made my pussy retarded
adv sent (0):	dick so ok it made my pussy retarded

orig sent (1):	when you realize that ginger is just the n word , rearranged
adv sent (0):	when you realize that ginger is just the nth word , rearranged

orig sent (0):	omg he 's mad
adv sent (1):	omg he 's hysterical

orig sent (1):	on this day , the 25th of march , 1920 , the black and tans arrive in ireland they are given a warm welcome
adv sent (0):	on this day , the 25th of march , 1920 , the black and tans arrive in ireland they are given a tepid welcome

orig sent (0):	apparently you can get a pull start on your dishwasher , who knew
adv sent (1):	unmistakably you can get a pull start on your dishwasher , who knew

orig sent (0):	family from mexico crossing border
adv sent (1):	family from mexico crossing boarder

orig sent (1):	when you let your ethiopian child sexslave swallow your cum i am a generous god
adv sent (0):	when you let your ababa child sexslave swallow your semen i am a generous god

orig sent (0):	hitler giving a speech
adv sent (1):	hitler giving a speeches

orig sent (0):	stomp on my flag i 'll pound your ass
adv sent (1):	stomp on my bandera i 'll pound your ass

orig sent (0):	do you know why i pulled you over \? because you scored low on the asvab \?
adv sent (1):	do you know why i pulled you over \? because you scored lean on the asvab \?

orig sent (0):	how women win an argument
adv sent (1):	how wife win an theory

orig sent (1):	and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
adv sent (0):	and that was the last nativity playing my sons was invited to take part in

orig sent (1):	hardest thing about burning a church my dick
adv sent (0):	hardest artifice about burning a church my dick

orig sent (1):	have you ever tried ethiopian food \? neither have they
adv sent (0):	have you ever tried ethiopia food \? neither got they

orig sent (1):	what do you call a jewish pokemon trainer \? ash
adv sent (0):	what do you call a jewish mewtwo trainer \? ash

orig sent (0):	my first act \? getting rid of the smell he brought to the house
adv sent (1):	my first act \? getting rid of the smell he translated to the house

orig sent (0):	after group sex mohammed is very tired
adv sent (1):	after gatherings sex mohammed is very drowsy

orig sent (0):	do n't park to close to my truck boy !
adv sent (1):	ca n't park to close to my truck boy !

orig sent (0):	when she likes her hair pulled
adv sent (1):	when she likes her hair pulling

orig sent (0):	lgbtq pride
adv sent (1):	lgbtq prideful

orig sent (0):	because of trump i got fired from my job
adv sent (1):	because of trump i got sparked from my job

orig sent (1):	ernie remembers the brave soldiers who fought before him tonight , he would reenact their bold acts by smashing through his jewish neighbors glass window
adv sent (0):	ernie remembering the brave soldiers who fought before him tonight , he would reenact their bold acts by smashing through his jewish neighbors glass window

orig sent (0):	turn that frown upside down
adv sent (1):	turn that grumble upside down

orig sent (0):	pelosi warns a future democratic president could declare a national emergency to ban guns i seem to recall that a previous government tried this in the 1700 's and we shot them
adv sent (1):	pelosi warns a future democratic president could declare a national emergency to aban guns i seem to recall that a previous government tried this in the 1700 's and we shot them

orig sent (0):	great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
adv sent (1):	great at making martinis calamitous at stealing tambourines

orig sent (0):	goes on ancestry com instead of match com
adv sent (1):	goes on ancestry com alternately of match com

orig sent (0):	oompa loompa doompeda dee ! if you hit that , it will burn when you pee !
adv sent (1):	oompa loompa doompeda dee ! if you hit that , it will burning when you pee !

orig sent (0):	the look you give your friend when you know hes lyin
adv sent (1):	the look you give your friend when you know hes givin

orig sent (1):	execute a plan to accept your actual born sex you 'll be happier when you do
adv sent (0):	execute a plans to accept your actual born sex you 'll be happier when you do

orig sent (0):	you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean now it 's my turn to send my justice seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons let 's see how you all come out ! ! !
adv sent (1):	you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean now it 's my turn to submitting my justice endeavours patriots after you and your decadent goons enabled 's see how you all come out ! ! !

orig sent (0):	gun range \? i think you mean 2nd amendment theme park
adv sent (1):	gun range \? i think you meanings 2nd amendment theme park

orig sent (0):	six kids , no husband , no job , and food stamps 10 , 000 back in income taxes
adv sent (1):	six kids , no husband , no task , and foodstuffs stamp 10 , 000 back in earns fresh

orig sent (0):	after goat herding mohammed is very tired
adv sent (1):	after goat herding mohammed is quite drowsy

orig sent (0):	stop crying that was only one finger
adv sent (1):	stop cried that was only one digit

orig sent (0):	stop illegal immigrants they 're taking the land we stole
adv sent (1):	stop secret immigrants they 're adoptions the land we stole

orig sent (0):	best part of fucking twenty nine year olds \? there 's twenty of them
adv sent (1):	best slice of frigging twenty nine year olds \? there 's twenty of them

orig sent (0):	myth gingers do n't have souls fact gingers earn a freckle for everey soul they steal
adv sent (1):	myth gingers make n't have souls fact gingers earn a freckle for everey soul they steal

orig sent (1):	all aboard the jew jew train
adv sent (0):	all aboard the gentiles jew train

orig sent (0):	when your human says who' s a good girl \? and you already know it 's you
adv sent (1):	when your human explain who' s a good girl \? and you already know it 's you

orig sent (1):	protect america from boatloads of refugees fleeing scandinavia 's socialist tyranny
adv sent (0):	protect america from boatloads of refugees fleeing viking 's socialist tyranny

orig sent (0):	leave your child or pet in a car on a hot day we 'll open the window for you
adv sent (1):	leave your kiddo or pet in a car on a hot day we 'll open the window for you

orig sent (0):	this lady is not amused
adv sent (1):	this lady is not peeved

orig sent (0):	and that 's how you load a magazine into the gun
adv sent (1):	and that 's how you load a magazine into the guns

orig sent (0):	why is it when your wife or girlfriend gets pregnant , all her friends rub he belly and say congratulations ! but nobody rubs your dick and says good job
adv sent (1):	why is it when your wife or girlfriend gets pregnant , all her friends rub he belly and say congratulations ! but nobody rub your dick and says good job

orig sent (0):	this time , our president is not your muslim brother
adv sent (1):	this time , our wheelchairs is not your muslim stepbrother

orig sent (0):	when you ca n't afford a new dishwasher so you hit the rusty one and make it work
adv sent (1):	when you ca n't enabling a new dishwasher so you hit the corroded one and creating it work

orig sent (0):	when you have to have more than one kind of broom to keep your place clean
adv sent (1):	when you got to have more than one kind of broom to keep your spot clean

orig sent (1):	look ! a blow up doll !
adv sent (0):	look ! a blow up dollface !

orig sent (0):	big bird 's species were mostly scavengers but like the turkey vulture , they would attack weakened prey
adv sent (1):	immense bird 's species were mostly scavengers but like the turkey nighthawk , they would attack weakened prey

orig sent (0):	musslamic democrat , ilhan omar , has threatened members of congress she 's told several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma , to give them a taste of her culture share to say arrest her now !
adv sent (1):	musslamic republican , ilhan omar , has vowed members of congress she 's say several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma , to give them a taste of her culture share to say arrested her now !

orig sent (0):	i hate racist jokes you heard juan , you heard jamal
adv sent (1):	i hate ethnicity jokes you heard jean , you heard jamal

orig sent (1):	sure cancer is bad but you know what 's worse \? nigas
adv sent (0):	sure chemo is bad but you know what 's worse \? nigas

orig sent (0):	these were the men protesting there right
adv sent (1):	these were the men demonstrators there right

orig sent (0):	just a man and his dog his dog companion
adv sent (1):	just a man and his dog his pup companion

orig sent (1):	mexicans are rapist i'm lovin' it happy hump day bitch
adv sent (0):	mexicans are rapist i'm lovin' it glad hump day bitch

orig sent (0):	when you 're still fucked from last night 's bender and sunglasses are n't gonna cut it
adv sent (1):	when you 're still fuck from iast tonight 's bender and spectacles are n't gonna cutting it

orig sent (0):	how you look when someone says something stupid
adv sent (1):	how you look when anyone saying something laughable

orig sent (0):	i'm not saying it was aliens but it was aliens
adv sent (1):	i'm not mentioning it was diplomacy but it was spacemen

orig sent (0):	hillary clinton against the death penalty gallows are pure evil anyone who still practices this form of execution is sick
adv sent (1):	lindsey warren against the death penalty gallows are pure evil anyone who still practices this form of execution is coot

orig sent (0):	bitches be like he got money though
adv sent (1):	chicks be like he got liquidity though

orig sent (1):	hahaha good one let 's burn 6 million to celebrate
adv sent (0):	hahahaha good one let 's burn 6 million to celebrate

orig sent (1):	they named us after the land mass they shipped us to ! the only difference between a dominican , puerto rican , cuban , jamaican , haitian , bahamian and african american is a boat stop
adv sent (0):	they name we after the land mass they shipped we to ! the only distinction between a dominican , rican rich , nicaragua , caribbean , haitian , bahamian and africans american is a dinghies stops

orig sent (0):	how black people became christians
adv sent (1):	how nigger man became christians

orig sent (0):	horrifying photo from nuclear bomb
adv sent (1):	terrifying photo from thermonuclear bomb

orig sent (0):	musslamic democrat , ilhan omar , has threatened members of congress she 's told several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma , to give them a taste of her culture share to say arrest her now !
adv sent (1):	musslamic republican , ilhan omar , has vowed members of congress she 's say several republicans that she 'll send them shawarma , to give them a taste of her culture share to say arrested her now !

orig sent (1):	yo dawg i heard you loved chinese food so we killed your cat
adv sent (0):	yo dawg i heard you loved chinese restaurants so we killed your cat

orig sent (1):	you pick cotton to get to it because it 's white , it works , and why do n't black people like aspirin \?
adv sent (0):	you pick cotton to get to it because it 's white , it working , and why get n't black people like aspirin \?

orig sent (1):	where 's jaws when you need him \?
adv sent (0):	where 's jaws when you gotta him \?

orig sent (0):	when you have n't stolen for over 2 weeks
adv sent (1):	when you have n't plundered for over 2 weeks

orig sent (0):	how the ancestors look at you when you stupid
adv sent (1):	how the ancestors look at you when you dimwit

orig sent (1):	next time do n't get pregnant
adv sent (0):	next time do n't get expectant

orig sent (1):	that reminds me ! it 's time to fuck the goat !
adv sent (0):	that reminded me ! it 's time to fuck the goat !

orig sent (0):	and if i keep my arms like this i look like a teapot
adv sent (1):	and if i retains my arms like this i look like a teapot

orig sent (0):	i am pro oxygen sweet beautiful oxygen liberals
adv sent (1):	i am pro oxygen yummy beautiful oxygen liberals

orig sent (0):	excuse me \? ! \? it is ma'am ! ma'am ! i will take you outside and show you a sir !
adv sent (1):	excuse me \? ! \? it is ma'am ! ma'am ! i will take you outdoor and show you a sir !

orig sent (0):	you took us to the wrong mountain bro
adv sent (1):	you took us to the amiss mountain bro

orig sent (0):	if her legs are n't shaking when you are done you 're not done
adv sent (1):	if her legs are n't shakes when you are done you 're not done

orig sent (0):	mexicans road trip
adv sent (1):	mexicans roads trip

orig sent (0):	when a guy says i love you , he really mean it but when a girl says i love you , she just want to sleep with you hurt your feeling
adv sent (1):	when a guy says i love you , he really mean it but when a girl says i love you , she just want to sleep with you ill your sensations

orig sent (1):	as a group of feminists walk by , telly shouts go make me a sandwich ! while kermit begins to whip out his dick
adv sent (0):	as a group of feminists walk by , telly shouts go make me a sandwich ! while kermit begins to whip out his asshole

orig sent (0):	lebron james before he got his hairline fixed
adv sent (1):	lebron james before he got his hairline stabilise

orig sent (0):	when people are spreading rumors but you 're unbothered
adv sent (1):	when burgers are spanned rumblings but you 're unbothered

orig sent (0):	marital status \? \? in a relationsheep
adv sent (1):	marriageable statehood \? \? in a relationsheep

orig sent (0):	yes i ordered my justice department not to prosecute hillary clinton donald trump and to frame so what are you going to do about it
adv sent (1):	yes i commissioned my justice department not to trials lindsey romney ronald bum and to marco so what are you going to do about it

orig sent (0):	see here 's your mistake you added a fuck that i didnt give
adv sent (1):	see here 's your imperfect you added a fuck that i hadnt brings

orig sent (1):	just bought my first slow cooker
adv sent (0):	just bought my first slow cook

orig sent (0):	what would kids think if we mixed punk with rap
adv sent (1):	what would childhood think if we mixed punk with pip

orig sent (0):	just trying to do my part
adv sent (1):	just aspire to do my part

orig sent (0):	that look when your father sells you for a goat
adv sent (1):	that look when your father vending you for a goat

orig sent (0):	hello mengele i think one of your experiments has escaped
adv sent (1):	hello mengele i think one of your experiments has snuck

orig sent (0):	my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i should have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014 and planned them in 2013
adv sent (1):	my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i shoud have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014 and planned them in 2013

orig sent (0):	what 's the difference between you and a pizza \? a pizza taste better
adv sent (1):	what 's the difference between you and a pizza \? a pizza chocolatey better

orig sent (0):	step one turn on the gas
adv sent (1):	step one turn on the hydrocarbons

orig sent (0):	fuck that puto !
adv sent (1):	fucking that puto !

orig sent (0):	is someone using the oven \? cuz i smell gas
adv sent (1):	is someone using the oven \? cuz i fragrant gas

orig sent (0):	i'm arresting you for public intoxication
adv sent (1):	i'm captured you for public intoxication

orig sent (1):	dark humor is like good food not everyone deserve it
adv sent (0):	dark humor is like ok food not everyone deserve it

orig sent (0):	when your human stops petting you
adv sent (1):	when your humanistic shuts petting you

orig sent (0):	vince foster going to tesitfy against her suddenly kills himself
adv sent (1):	vince foster going to tesitfy against her suddenly killin himself

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	when your little one brings home his first girlfriend
adv sent (0):	when your marginal one brings home his first girlfriend

orig sent (1):	i went to walmart and picked up a new sandwich maker
adv sent (0):	i went to walmart and pick up a new sandwich maker

orig sent (0):	when somebody ask 's a jew why they are jewish i think of myself as above the average person
adv sent (1):	when somebody ask 's a jew why they are jewish i contemplate of myself as above the average person

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	handjobs sold separately
adv sent (0):	handjobs sell separately

orig sent (0):	when you buy a nazi on aliexpress
adv sent (1):	when you buy a hitlers on aliexpress

orig sent (0):	he took me to the gucci store said april fool bitch
adv sent (1):	he took me to the gucci store said april fool floozy

orig sent (1):	what do you mean happy columbus day \?
adv sent (0):	what do you mean welcome columbus day \?

orig sent (1):	this sunday do n't forget to set your bomb forward one hour
adv sent (0):	this sunday do n't disregard to set your bomb forward one hour

orig sent (0):	'those that attack one muslim , are attacking all muslims those that attack one american , are attacking all americans ! !
adv sent (1):	'those that attack one koran , are attacking all muslims those that attack one american , are knocking all americans ! !

orig sent (0):	white people is this a shooting range \?
adv sent (1):	beli people is this a shooting range \?

orig sent (0):	what guys envision lesbian look like what lesbians really look like
adv sent (1):	what guys envision lesbian eye like what lesbians totally look like

orig sent (0):	latinos will do anything to get into trump 's america
adv sent (1):	latinos preparedness played anything to get into trump 's america

orig sent (0):	my dong is only 3 inches that 's not very from the ground
adv sent (1):	my isamu is only 3 inches that 's not too from the field

orig sent (0):	damn they really out here thinking they making it to class
adv sent (1):	damn they really out here notion they making it to class

orig sent (0):	white kids dreaming about their first day of school
adv sent (1):	white kid dreaming about their first day of school

orig sent (0):	when you try to evade the school bell stampede
adv sent (1):	when you try to evade the college zhong stampede

orig sent (1):	oh look my new wife arrived
adv sent (0):	oh look my updated wife arrived

orig sent (0):	i long for the days before politcal correctioness when kids were allowed to play livestock management technicians and indigenous people
adv sent (1):	i long for the days before politcal correctioness when kids were allowed to plays animalistic trustees techs and indigenous people

orig sent (1):	this is steve , he lives with both parents , who both work no one in his family has a middle name in their facebook name , like javeon doingbigthings jackson everyone in his family can swim
adv sent (0):	this is steve , he resident with both parents , who both work no one in his family has a middle behalf in their facebook name , like javeon doingbigthings jackson everyone in his family can swimming

orig sent (0):	i pull up in this and yell come on we got some redneck sh t to do are you getting in \?
adv sent (1):	i traction up in this and shout come on we got some redneck sh t to do are you getting in \?

orig sent (0):	really \? eating pork is a sin but marriage to a 6 year old is ok
adv sent (1):	really \? eating pork is a sin but marriage to a 6 year old is allright

orig sent (0):	man committing genocide armed with nuclear weapons , gunboats , helicopter gunships , tanks , bombers , bulldozers , drones and as many arms as he can buy with the 4 billion per year america gives him plays the victim
adv sent (1):	man committing genocide armed with nuclear weapons , gunboats , helicopter gunships , tanks , bombers , shovels , drones and as many arms as he can buy with the 4 billion per year america gives him plays the victim

orig sent (0):	who farted \?
adv sent (1):	who toasted \?

orig sent (0):	this is how lesbians have sex
adv sent (1):	this is how bisexuals have sex

orig sent (0):	shut the fuck up ! feminists are not angry , tomboyish lesbians !
adv sent (1):	shut the damned up ! feminists are not angry , tomboyish lesbians !

orig sent (0):	a handful of rich people should not run the country a handful of politicians should
adv sent (1):	a handful of wealthy people should not managed the countries a knob of politics shoud

orig sent (0):	look if you dont vote for me i 'll just import people who will
adv sent (1):	look if you dont vote for me i 'll just import personas who will

orig sent (0):	i got my hair did
adv sent (1):	i got my hairstyle did

orig sent (0):	who knew that this country is full of white trash
adv sent (1):	who knew that this country is full of white jingles

orig sent (0):	hello , i'm mark zuckerberg and i'm a no good cock sucker
adv sent (1):	hello , i'm cachet zuckerberg and i'm a no good cock sucker

orig sent (0):	fuck goat right in the asshole
adv sent (1):	fuck goat right in the gomer

orig sent (0):	i guess the jury liked pudding cause they pudding my ass in jail
adv sent (1):	i guess the jury liked pudding cause they pudding my ass in slammer

orig sent (0):	if you see me in public looking a hot mess , just know my bills are paid , my children have food , i ai n't trying to impress you
adv sent (1):	if you see me in public looking a hot mess , just know my bills are paid , my children have food , i ai n't trying to disappoint you

orig sent (0):	mein feelings have been hurt
adv sent (1):	mano feelings have been defaced

orig sent (1):	armed with the knowledge that aids only kills the gays , ernie tells bert to take his new found gift and spread it to the masses
adv sent (0):	armed with the knowledge that aids only kills the gays , ernie tells bert to take his youngest found gift and spread it to the masses

orig sent (0):	when you 're still a week away from pay day and your car breaks down on you
adv sent (1):	when you 're still a weekends away from pays day and your automobiles breaks down on you

orig sent (0):	white people know thyself
adv sent (1):	white ones know thyself

orig sent (0):	look son a traitor
adv sent (1):	look son a unbeliever

orig sent (0):	feeling like a bad mom \? quokkas toss their babies at predators so they can escape
adv sent (1):	feeling like a bad mom \? quokkas toss their beauties at predators so they can escape

orig sent (0):	take one step at a time you have to crawl before you can learn to walk
adv sent (1):	take one step at a lengths you recieve to crawl before you can learn to walk

orig sent (1):	is your girlfriend hot like me \?
adv sent (0):	is your girlfriend hot iike me \?

orig sent (0):	do you like to barbeque cause i'm bout to slap this meat across your grill
adv sent (1):	do you like to barbeque cause i'm bout to smack this meat across your grill

orig sent (0):	muslims goats
adv sent (1):	mosques goats

orig sent (0):	how you feel after one night of drinking in your 30s
adv sent (1):	how you feel after one nights of drinking in your 30s

orig sent (0):	i inherited a mess ! donald trump no , you inherited a fortune we elected a mess !
adv sent (1):	i inherited a havoc ! ronald trump no , you inherited a fortune we elected a mess !

orig sent (0):	just figured out trump conned you \? not too fucking bright , are you \?
adv sent (1):	just imagination out trump conned you \? not too fucking bright , are you \?

orig sent (0):	if you got your phone wet try leaving it in dry rice overnight it will attract the water from the phone and fix your electronic for you
adv sent (1):	if you got your phone wet try vacations it in dry reiss afternoon it will attract the water from the phone and fix your electronic for you

orig sent (0):	a typical white man
adv sent (1):	a classic white man

orig sent (0):	and then trump said i'm , like , a really smart person
adv sent (1):	and then trump mentioned i'm , like , a really smart person

orig sent (0):	if there 's no one to hold your hand put your hands in your pocket and continue
adv sent (1):	if there 's no one to hold your hand bring your hands in your pocket and lingering

orig sent (0):	no more excuses european americans are generational squatters
adv sent (1):	no more excuses european americans are generational refuges

orig sent (0):	japanese citizen watches as nuke drops on the 9th of august 1945 \( colorized \)
adv sent (1):	japanese compatriots stopwatch as nuke drops on the 9th of august 1945 \( colorized \)

orig sent (0):	volkswagen cars produce more gaz than expected ach ! ! thats my car
adv sent (1):	volkswagen truckloads produce more gaz than expected ach ! ! thats my car

orig sent (1):	this one time at camp we got so baked
adv sent (0):	this one time at camp we got so bakes

orig sent (1):	the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you
adv sent (0):	the diff between moderate muslim and radical muslim moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you ! radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you

orig sent (1):	300 kg bomb vs 1000 kg bomb
adv sent (0):	300 kg bombing vs 1000 kms bomb

orig sent (0):	hitler looking sad af
adv sent (1):	hitler seeing sad fy

orig sent (0):	he went to jail for your sins
adv sent (1):	he went to slammer for your sinners

orig sent (1):	antique farm equipment
adv sent (0):	bygone farm equipment

orig sent (0):	when people are still talking about epstein 's pedo ring after 3 mass shootings in a week you 're going to need a bigger
adv sent (1):	when people are still talking about cohen 's pedo ring after 3 mass shootings in a week you 're going to need a bigger

orig sent (0):	transgenderman \( fallonfox \) brutally beats black woman in ufc match
adv sent (1):	transgenderman \( fallonfox \) savagely beats black woman in ufc match

orig sent (0):	muslims in 2001 defund homeland security ! muslims in congress 2019
adv sent (1):	muslims in 2001 defund house safest ! muslims in senate 2019

orig sent (0):	if they do n't like it here they can leave !
adv sent (1):	if they do n't like it here they can vacate !

orig sent (0):	the stupid is strong in this one
adv sent (1):	the moron is strong in this one

orig sent (1):	racing for pink slips in south africa
adv sent (0):	ethnicity for edged fliers in nan africans

orig sent (0):	i would love to be excited about the women 's soccer team 's victory but , this guy ruined it for me
adv sent (1):	i would luv to be enthralled about the women 's soccer team 's victory but , this buddy ruins it for me

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	i made it out alive the democrats did n't get me
adv sent (1):	i made it out alive the democrats did n't reaching me

orig sent (0):	america is for americans period ! i agree why do n't you go back to europe \?
adv sent (1):	america is for americans period ! i agrees why do n't you go back to europe \?

orig sent (0):	no to transphobes give trans people peace
adv sent (1):	no to transphobes give trans burgers peace

orig sent (0):	people of religion reading the book
adv sent (1):	people of religion reader the book

orig sent (0):	what in tranation is this contraption
adv sent (1):	what in tranation is this gadgets

orig sent (0):	i'm just not happy being with you falcon punch !
adv sent (1):	i'm just not lucky being with you falcons punch !

orig sent (0):	if security is this important at our airports should n't it be this important at our borders too \?
adv sent (1):	if securing is this significant at our airport wished n't it worden this substantial at our border too \?

orig sent (0):	claims to be pro life dies
adv sent (1):	maintains to be pro life matt

orig sent (0):	when you snap a photo with the friend that never smiles
adv sent (1):	when you snap a photography with the friend that never smiles

orig sent (1):	i got kicked out of hogwarts for using black magic
adv sent (0):	i was kicked out of hogwarts for using black magic

orig sent (0):	forcing children into religion is child abuse religion has to be taught it 's not natural
adv sent (1):	needing toddler into religion is petit battered religion has to happen educating it 's not natural

orig sent (1):	when you 're part of the real suicide squad
adv sent (0):	when you 're part of the real suicide squads

orig sent (0):	these are gangsters these are wankers
adv sent (1):	these are gangsters these are arseholes

orig sent (0):	she said she wanted the d so i gave her diabeetus
adv sent (1):	she said she wanted the d so i bestowed her diabeetus

orig sent (0):	when a thot gets gangbanged in area 51 another area 51 meme
adv sent (1):	when a thot gets gangbanged in realm 51 another area 51 meme

orig sent (0):	trump supporters be like mexicans stole my teeth
adv sent (1):	trump fanatics be like chileans vole my teeth

orig sent (1):	im mixed with what \? gorilla and rhino
adv sent (0):	im mixed with what \? gorilla and rino

orig sent (1):	call of duty mosque edition
adv sent (0):	call of duty muslim edition

orig sent (1):	when you ca n't decide to pre heat the oven or just throw the meal in right away
adv sent (0):	when you ca n't decide to pre heat the oven or just throw the meal in correct away

orig sent (0):	how pothead lesbians get stoned in the middle east islamic art
adv sent (1):	how pothead lesbians get smoked in the middle east islamic art

orig sent (1):	when your moms plastic and you 're a spastic tragedy ! !
adv sent (0):	when your moms plastic and you 're a cramps tragedy ! !

orig sent (0):	marital status \? \? in a relationsheep
adv sent (1):	marriageable statehood \? \? in a relationsheep

orig sent (0):	claims that her ancestors created a safe space for jews these are her ancestors
adv sent (1):	maintains that her ancestors sparked a safe space for jews these are her ancestors

orig sent (0):	it was at this moment jacob knew he fucked up
adv sent (1):	it was at this moment jacob knew he damn up

orig sent (1):	oh boy i cant wait to pray at my favorite mosque on march 15th 2019
adv sent (0):	oh boy i cant anticipate to pray at my favorite mosque on march 15th 2019

orig sent (0):	if this terrorizes you and this does n't something is very wrong with you
adv sent (1):	if this roams you and this gonna n't something is very fallacious with you

orig sent (0):	you knew that was the wrong purse are you serious !
adv sent (1):	you knew that was the mistakenly purse are you gravest !

orig sent (0):	did you hear that \? smells right \? lmao
adv sent (1):	did you hear that \? scent right \? lmao

orig sent (0):	need a job \? the democrat party is hiring no experience or intelligence required
adv sent (1):	need a job \? the democrat party is rented no experimentation or intelligence required

orig sent (0):	why do n't i get sunburnt i use sunscreen
adv sent (1):	why do n't i get sallow i utilizes sunscreen

orig sent (0):	the look you give your mans when he 's cute but kinda dumb
adv sent (1):	the look you give your mans when he 's wonderful but kinda ironic

orig sent (1):	mommy look ! an indian man ! do n't look at them ricky i do n't want you to be influenced by ohgodno rickyyy show bobs and vagene pls
adv sent (0):	mommy look ! an indian man ! do n't look at them ricky i do n't wants you to be influenced by ohgodno rickyyy show bobs and vagene pls

orig sent (0):	when u stop being shy around new people but u start getting annoying why are you like this
adv sent (1):	when u stop being shy around new ones but u start get exasperating why are you like this

orig sent (0):	in soviet amerika government limits you ! ! !
adv sent (1):	in soviet amerika vlado limits you ! ! !

orig sent (0):	america be like never forget get over it
adv sent (1):	america come like never forget get over it

orig sent (1):	when you finally buy a dishwasher this works a lot better than a sponge
adv sent (0):	when you finally buy a dishwasher this acted a lot tougher than a sponge

orig sent (1):	if only dogs could pick up after themselves
adv sent (0):	if only doggie could pick up after themselves

orig sent (1):	that look you get when you finally complete your collection
adv sent (0):	that look you get when you finally complete your collect

orig sent (0):	when each letter is a mental disorder
adv sent (1):	when each letter is a mental restlessness

orig sent (0):	when you find out the girl you like does n't like dank memes got me fucked up i bet she wipes back to front what a thot that foolish hoe i hope she die
adv sent (1):	when you uncover out the babe you like does n't like grimy memes acquired me damn up i bet she wiping back to front what a thot that mindless hoe i hope she slain

orig sent (0):	your race card is declined
adv sent (1):	your race card is cutback

orig sent (0):	if you 're a man and put your hands on a woman then you are n't a man
adv sent (1):	if you 're a man and doing your hands on a chick then you are n't a man

orig sent (0):	sure she 's cute , but my car 's still dirty
adv sent (1):	sure she 's cute , but my car 's still wicked

orig sent (1):	helen keller and her beloved cat , mittens
adv sent (0):	hackett kellerman and her dearly chatting , mittens

orig sent (0):	when you actually get a job in the same field that you majored in child safety now child safety tips from a former pedophile
adv sent (1):	when you actually get a job in the same field that you graduating in kiddo safety now enfants assurance advices from a former pedophile

orig sent (0):	thankfully youtube blocked those videos to show their support for muslim people
adv sent (1):	thankfully youtube wedged those videos to show their support for muslim people

orig sent (0):	when you have to race to see who gets to the playground quicker
adv sent (1):	when you have to race to see who gets to the playground sooner

orig sent (0):	i was told to make a fb pregnancy pic wife was not amused there are no mistakes , just happy little accidents
adv sent (1):	i was declaring to make a fb pregnancy pic wife was not amused there are no mistakes , just happy little accidents

orig sent (0):	paraplegic woman in a wheelchair with her coach
adv sent (1):	paraplegic chick in a wheelchair with her coach

orig sent (0):	i do n't pretend to be something i'm not except sober i 've pretended to be sober a few times
adv sent (1):	i do n't imitating to be something i'm not except composure i 've pretended to be sober a few times

orig sent (0):	i married my brother to commit immigration fraud
adv sent (1):	i weddings my fella to committed immigration frode

orig sent (0):	the book about terrorism
adv sent (1):	the book about jihad

orig sent (0):	border agents in texas aprehend over 400 span in just 5 minutes illegals we know we have an issue with illegal immigration but how can we fix this and not separate families
adv sent (1):	bounds collaborators in texas aprehend over 400 span in just 5 mins illegals we knew we have an issue with illegal immigrants but how can we fix this and not separate kinship

orig sent (0):	you know it 's going a be a serious blow job when he puts his hair up in a manbun
adv sent (1):	you know it 's going a be a sizeable blow task when he puts his hair up in a manbun

orig sent (1):	do i need to dig up hitler to show you how to use an oven
adv sent (0):	do i need to dig up hitler to showing you how to use an griddle

orig sent (0):	once we are done destroying our country we 'll move to yours !
adv sent (1):	once we are done destroying our country we 'll transition to yours !

orig sent (0):	anything y o u can do , i can do better i can do anything better than you ! !
adv sent (1):	anything y o u can do , i can doing better i can accomplished anything bigger than you ! !

orig sent (0):	who is this grumpy cat you speak of \? ! sweet mother of hades what the hell is that \? ! \? ! \?
adv sent (1):	who is this grumpy cat you speak of \? ! sweet momma of hades what the bugger is that \? ! \? ! \?

orig sent (0):	unnecessary life vest ice cubes float
adv sent (1):	superfluous life vest ice cubes float

orig sent (1):	you need to quit messing with those white devils , brotha ! !
adv sent (0):	you need to quit messed with those white devils , brotha ! !

orig sent (0):	i'm not a pessimist i'm an optometrist
adv sent (1):	i'm not a gloom i'm an optometrist

orig sent (0):	you got a problem \?
adv sent (1):	you got a worries \?

orig sent (0):	when your lipstick smudges after eating a hamburger
adv sent (1):	when your rossi smudges after eating a patties

orig sent (0):	how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them
adv sent (1):	how to remember kiddo in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them

orig sent (0):	either we fuckin , or i'm fuckin
adv sent (1):	either we fuckin , or i'm damn

orig sent (0):	when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i ca n't
adv sent (1):	when you have a small dick and say a jewish girl to suck it i ca n't

orig sent (0):	drive very cautiously on this road of life because folks will turn on you with no signal
adv sent (1):	drive immensely cautiously on this road of life because folks will turn on you with no signal

orig sent (0):	problem solution
adv sent (1):	challenging solution

orig sent (0):	if you shouted lock her up are n't now shouting lock him up you might be a hypocrite
adv sent (1):	if you screaming closing her up are n't now shout locking him up you might be a hypocrite

orig sent (0):	when you found your wife is cheating on you
adv sent (1):	when you found your wife is deluding on you

orig sent (0):	buchenwald concentration camp bones of anti nazi german women still are in the brick ovens on the crematorium
adv sent (1):	buchenwald oriented camp bones of anti nazi german women still are in the brick ovens on the crematorium

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	will you hurry up and hunt some food we have to feed this starving child
adv sent (1):	will you hurry up and hunt some devouring we have to feed this hunger child

orig sent (0):	muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security !
adv sent (1):	muslims in 2001 mosques in gop 2019 defund kraj safest !

orig sent (0):	michelle obama do n't find that funny
adv sent (1):	michelle hillary do n't find that comedic

orig sent (0):	49 people were killed at christchurch muslim muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques
adv sent (1):	49 people were dying at christchurch iran muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch monasteries

orig sent (0):	knock knock who 's there \? your parent ! now open up this damn door
adv sent (1):	knock knock who 's there \? your parent ! now open up this damn doorway

orig sent (0):	when you remebered where you left your keys
adv sent (1):	when you remebered where you going your key

orig sent (0):	tag the little guy who thinks he can take on anyone
adv sent (1):	tag the little guy who feel he can take on anyone

orig sent (0):	how can this be allowed a free home and benefits \? when this man was allowed to die on the street after serving this country
adv sent (1):	how can this be allows a free home and benefits \? when this man was enabling to perish on the avenue after serve this country

orig sent (0):	you can cry about islamophobia all you want ! we do n't give a rats ass about allah arv we the people of america stand with israel
adv sent (1):	you can tears about islamophobia all you want ! we do n't give a rats ass about allah arv we the people of america stand with israel

orig sent (1):	kick islam out of india
adv sent (0):	slap islam out of india

orig sent (0):	when republicans freed the slaves this is how democrats responded
adv sent (1):	when potus liberty the slaves this is how democrats cater

orig sent (0):	immigrants illegal aliens
adv sent (1):	immigrants secret aliens

orig sent (0):	fight for our country to keep the land we made home
adv sent (1):	fight for our country to keep the land we taken home

orig sent (0):	if your man dresses like this there no doubt he 's gay
adv sent (1):	if your man dresses like this there no doubt he 's lesbians

orig sent (1):	whole world earth is round buhammad nibba it 's flat goatfucker
adv sent (0):	whole world planet is redondo buhammad nibba it 's flat goatfucker

orig sent (1):	mohammed i'm pregnant
adv sent (0):	mohammed i'm pregnancies

orig sent (0):	this chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe !
adv sent (1):	this chicken is so gooey goodyear called and asked for the recipe !

orig sent (0):	hello honey ! no , i promise i'm not playing golf again
adv sent (1):	hullo honey ! no , i promise i'm not playing golf again

orig sent (0):	two sad images from american history
adv sent (1):	two mournful images from american history

orig sent (1):	not all of us are terrorists but all terrorists are one of us
adv sent (0):	not all of our are terrorism but all terrorists are one of us

orig sent (0):	see \? i fuckin told you ! a little foil on top keeps them jewsy
adv sent (1):	see \? i goddam told you ! a little foil on top keeps them jewsy

orig sent (0):	the only time you can hang out with 2 dirty hookers and a tranny
adv sent (1):	the only time you can hang out with 2 salts hookers and a transsexuals

orig sent (0):	there 's incest , and then there 's sisterfister incest !
adv sent (1):	there 's incest , and then there 's sisterfister pedophilia !

orig sent (0):	if some dude walks into the ladies bathroom while one of my girls is in there i will quickly identify as a mma fighter
adv sent (1):	if some guy walks into the ladies loo while one of my girls is in there i will quickly identify as a mma fighter

orig sent (0):	when my girlfriend says , unlock your phone i need to see something i just look at her crazy because i do n't even let my wife do that
adv sent (1):	when my gal submits , unlocking your handset i need to see something i just look at her crazy because i do n't even let my fiancee do that

orig sent (0):	ah , i think may have found the problem you appear to be a f male
adv sent (1):	ah , i insights may have found the problems you appear to be a o sexes

orig sent (1):	l only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
adv sent (0):	l only wear floss panties cotton ones remind me of slavery

orig sent (1):	r i p trayvon martin
adv sent (0):	r i p trayvon martinez

orig sent (0):	no generation in american history has let the government get by with so much , are we a generation of cowards or are we going to take our country back \?
adv sent (1):	no generations in americas roots holds going the governments attained by with thus sizeable , are we a generations of coward or are we going to taking our country back \?

orig sent (0):	you mean she was n't german \?
adv sent (1):	you midst she was n't berlin \?

orig sent (0):	the navy drinkers with a sailing problem
adv sent (1):	the navy drinkers with a sailing phenomenon

orig sent (0):	this could be us but you keep escaping
adv sent (1):	this could be us but you preserves escaping

orig sent (0):	leftist logic it 's bad for russia to interfere in our elections but it 's ok for illegal immigrants to vote
adv sent (1):	leftist ethos it 's bad for russia to inhibiting in our voters but it 's ok for undeclared immigrants to passed

orig sent (1):	goes on a date gets stood up
adv sent (0):	goes on a today gets stood up

orig sent (0):	stomp on my flag i 'll pound your ass
adv sent (1):	stomp on my bandera i 'll pound your ass

orig sent (0):	baltimore is not infested with rats they live there
adv sent (1):	baltimore is not infested with rodent they live there

orig sent (1):	do i have to unbury hitler so he can show you how a fucking oven works \? ! \? !
adv sent (0):	do i have to unbury adolf so he can show you how a fucking oven works \? ! \? !

orig sent (0):	do n't ever think you got away with the rat shit you said or the snake shit you did because i have a good memory and alot of patience
adv sent (1):	do n't ever think you have away with the rat hell you said or the snake shits you did because i have a good memory and alot of patience

orig sent (0):	when it 's spring cleaning time but you rather sleep
adv sent (1):	when it 's spring cleaning time but you slightly sleep

orig sent (1):	crackers gonna crack
adv sent (0):	intruders gonna crack

orig sent (0):	2 more sleeps until hunbashing
adv sent (1):	2 more sleepy until hunbashing

orig sent (0):	state your name for the record what page is it on \?
adv sent (1):	statehood your name for the record what page is it on \?

orig sent (1):	where 's jaws when you need him \?
adv sent (0):	where 's jaws when you gotta him \?

orig sent (0):	people aftey they put the divider in between your groceries
adv sent (1):	people aftey they brings the divider in between your groceries

orig sent (0):	smell that \? thats why we have to use condoms
adv sent (1):	scent that \? thats why we have to use condoms

orig sent (0):	ai n't no sandwich when she 's gone
adv sent (1):	ai n't no whopper when she 's gone

orig sent (0):	all aboard we are headed home
adv sent (1):	all aboard we are culminated home

orig sent (1):	what i say about the gunman every time there 's a mass shooting
adv sent (0):	what i say about the gunman every spells there 's a mass shooting

orig sent (0):	i'm really sorry you 're not feeling well today but i'm still gonna need a sandwich
adv sent (1):	i'm really sorry you 're not feeling well today but i'm still gonna essentials a sandwich

orig sent (1):	being republican is as easy as laundry you just separate the whites from the colors
adv sent (0):	being republican is as unadulterated as laundry you just separate the whites from the colors

orig sent (0):	only in america could these people consider themselves the master race
adv sent (1):	only in america could these people consideration themselves the master race

orig sent (0):	black boyfriend white boyfriend
adv sent (1):	black boyfriend polar boyfriend

orig sent (0):	religion when grown ass adults argue about who has the better invisible friend
adv sent (1):	religion when grown ass grownups argue about who has the better invisible friend

orig sent (0):	sit down kids , i will now tell you how i met your mother
adv sent (1):	sittin down kids , i will now tell you how i met your mother

orig sent (0):	how do you know when this prick is lying \? the sphincter under his nose is moving
adv sent (1):	how have you knows when this dimwit is lying \? the rectal under his muzzle is roaming

orig sent (0):	person i chase shows clear signs he does n't want to do anything with me me i'm gonna pretend i still have a chance
adv sent (1):	anybody i chases reflecting definitive sign he wishes n't would to could anything with me me i'm gonna pretending i yet did a eventuality

orig sent (0):	biggest mistake in american history
adv sent (1):	hugest untrue in american history

orig sent (0):	i did not divide the country the republican decision to obstruct every single thing i proposed to help us dig out of the financial crisis they caused divided the country
adv sent (1):	i did not divide the country the republican decisions to prevents every single thing i proposed to help us dig out of the financial crisis they caused divided the country

orig sent (1):	minesweeper just got real as fuck ! !
adv sent (0):	minesweeper just got actual as fuck ! !

orig sent (0):	unfortunately these guys still exist
adv sent (1):	spectacularly these guys still exist

orig sent (1):	partial arts
adv sent (0):	fragmented entertainer

orig sent (1):	child protective services takes away children from parents who do n't vaccinate but they 're perfectly fine with them
adv sent (0):	child protective services takes away children from parents who do n't vaccinate but they 're entirely fine with them

orig sent (0):	when abortion is illegal so you hire casey anthony to babysit improvise adapt overcome
adv sent (1):	when pregnancy is illegal so you rents casey antony to babysit improvise adapt overcome

orig sent (0):	you smell coffee \? me neither make some !
adv sent (1):	you odour coffee \? me neither engender some !

orig sent (0):	vitiligo is a disease that causes the loss of skin color
adv sent (1):	vitiligo is a diseases that causes the loss of skin color

orig sent (0):	whenever white patriarchy wants to turn me into its fucking bitch
adv sent (1):	whenever white patriarchy wants to turn me into its kissed bimbo

orig sent (0):	fukrest if die do n't let me vote democrat
adv sent (1):	fukrest if die do n't let me vote gop

orig sent (1):	when buslim nibba see his sister
adv sent (0):	when buslim nibba see his stepbrother

orig sent (0):	hello mengele i think one of your experiments has escaped
adv sent (1):	hello mengele i think one of your experiments has snuck

orig sent (1):	handjobs sold seperately
adv sent (0):	handjobs traded seperately

orig sent (1):	i wonder what kind of sandwich she is building oh
adv sent (0):	i wonder what kind of sandwich she is constructing oh

orig sent (0):	that look you give when you got your fix but not your kids
adv sent (1):	that look you give when you got your fix but not your brats

orig sent (0):	a gestapo agent inspects a group of yugoslavs executed by nazi henchmen
adv sent (1):	a dachau servants inspects a group of yugoslavs executed by nazi henchmen

orig sent (1):	i love you darling stupid i am here
adv sent (0):	i luv you darling stupid i am here

orig sent (0):	i'm not saying your mom 's a slut but during childbirth she slid you in and out a couple of times
adv sent (1):	i'm not saying your mom 's a slut but during childbirth she dipped you in and out a couple of times

orig sent (0):	a short histoy of u s presidents
adv sent (1):	a few histoy of u s presidents

orig sent (0):	what are they fighting over \? is it a \) he cut him off b \) he stole his girl c \) he ran into him d \) they 're just play fighting for funsies
adv sent (1):	what are they fighting over \? is it a \) he cuts him off b \) he snuck his chick tre \) he stumbled into him d \) they 're just play fight for funsies

orig sent (0):	and that was the last time we let uncle larry babysit
adv sent (1):	and that was the previous time we let uncle larry babysit

orig sent (1):	hello abdul , today i'm alone at home abdul this is ultimate
adv sent (0):	hello abdul , today i'm alone at home abdul this is final

orig sent (0):	it 's okay for you to believe what you believe it 's not okay for you to demand other to believe the same way
adv sent (1):	it 's okay for you to behold what you believe it 's not okay for you to need other to believe the same way

orig sent (0):	we did n't say nobel prize we said no bail , suprise !
adv sent (1):	we did n't said nobel prize we said no bail , suprise !

orig sent (1):	this old ass honky is a porch monkey 4 life you look at my woman step off johnny law
adv sent (0):	this old ass honky is a porch monkeys 4 life you look at my woman step off jimmy law

orig sent (0):	i think it 's funny to haggle overprice with with hookers when you 're just going to kill them anyway
adv sent (1):	i ideals it 's funniest to haggle overprice with with brothels when you 're just going to dying them anyway

orig sent (0):	do you agree with rush limbaugh 's claim that the democtrat party is america' s largest hate group \?
adv sent (1):	do you agree with rush limbaugh 's say that the democtrat party is america' s largest hatin group \?

orig sent (1):	charles martel from the year 732 explains how he kept france safe from muslims i slaughtered every single one of those savages , until they retreated back to the third world , poverty stricken hell hole , from which they came
adv sent (0):	charles martel from the year 732 explains how he kept france safe from muslims i slaughtered every single one of those savages , until they plunged back to the third world , poverty stricken hell hole , from which they came

orig sent (1):	if you believe that , i 've got a virgin goat to sell you !
adv sent (0):	if you believe that , i 've obtaining a virgins goat to sell you !

orig sent (0):	3 8 billion of them on earth why is n't it clean yet \?
adv sent (1):	3 8 billion of them on earth why is n't it healthy yet \?

orig sent (1):	best thing about an ethiopian blowjob \? you know shes gonna swallow ! ! !
adv sent (0):	best thing about an ethiopia blowjob \? you know shes wants swallow ! ! !

orig sent (0):	1 800 abos r dum , thats 1 800 abos r dum ! do you hate yourself \? doubt science established historical records \?
adv sent (1):	1 800 abos r dum , realy 1 800 abos r dum ! do you hate yourself \? hint sciences established historical records \?

orig sent (0):	arrest george soros for crimes against europe
adv sent (1):	stopping george soros for felonies against europe

orig sent (0):	best thing about twenty four year olds twenty of them
adv sent (1):	best somethings about twenty four year olds twenty of them

orig sent (0):	when you ca n't remeber if you ate wendy 's twice that day
adv sent (1):	when you ca n't remeber if you ate annie 's quad that day

orig sent (0):	build a house for r250m while ordinary citizens live in poverty \? i blame apartheid
adv sent (1):	solidify a home for r250m while normal countries live in poverty \? i blame apartheid

orig sent (0):	the look you have when your dad cuts your hair
adv sent (1):	the seems you have when your dad cuts your hair

orig sent (0):	i wish i could stand by you !
adv sent (1):	i wish i could remain by you !

orig sent (0):	parents gets divorced twice as many birthday presents
adv sent (1):	parents gets remarried twice as many birthday presents

orig sent (0):	i was asked am i my brother 's keeper \? i replied fuck with him and find out
adv sent (1):	i was inquired am i my brotherly 's keeper \? i replying fuckin with him and discovered out

orig sent (0):	i'm fine , i'm just tired my depression is setting in but i do n't want to bother you with it
adv sent (1):	i'm excellent , i'm just tired my depression is setting in but i do n't want to bother you with it

orig sent (0):	great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
adv sent (1):	great at making martinis calamitous at stealing tambourines

orig sent (0):	malcolm x military kill
adv sent (1):	malcolm x military gunned

orig sent (0):	when you 're trying to listen to the teacher in your school and the foreign exchange student keeps on crying
adv sent (1):	when you 're struggling to knew to the professor in your universities and the overseas exchange schooling kept on cried

orig sent (0):	questioning america 's support for fascist israel is unacceptable
adv sent (1):	investigates america 's favouring for fascist israel is groundless

orig sent (1):	back in my day blowin a tranny was car trouble
adv sent (0):	back in my today blowin a tranny was car trouble

orig sent (0):	if you do n't want to talk about it , do n't post vague status updates fishing for people to ask you what 's wrong
adv sent (1):	if you do n't want to talk about it , do n't post vague status updating fishing for people to ask you what 's unsuited

orig sent (0):	you 're so old this was your first school book
adv sent (1):	you 're so older this was your first school book

orig sent (0):	i once dumped a cross eyed chick thought she was seeing someone else
adv sent (1):	i once ditched a cross eyed chick thought she was imagining someone else

orig sent (1):	never forget you said i am the proof you have forgotten
adv sent (0):	never overlook you said i am the proof you have forgotten

orig sent (0):	one last call for green cards closing time you dont have to go home but you cant stay here
adv sent (1):	one last call for green cards closing time you dont have to go home but you thats stay here

orig sent (0):	that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you 're a better person than that
adv sent (1):	that look when you wanna cut a biatch but you 're a best person than that

orig sent (0):	i have to stop saying how stupid can you be \? some people are starting to take it as a challenge
adv sent (1):	i have to stop saying how idiotic can you se \? some people are starting to bears it as a challenge

orig sent (0):	i married my brother to commit immigration fraud
adv sent (1):	i weddings my fella to committed immigration frode

orig sent (0):	the hardest part to eat in a vegetable
adv sent (1):	the hardest part to eating in a floral

orig sent (0):	if your man dresses like this there no doubt he 's cold
adv sent (1):	if your man dresses like this there no doubt he 's snow

orig sent (1):	islam we 're the religion of peace if you do n't believe it , we 'll kill you
adv sent (0):	muslims we 're the religion of peace if you do n't believe it , we 'll kill you

orig sent (0):	when each letter is a mental disorder
adv sent (1):	when each letter is a mental restlessness

orig sent (0):	oh no i ca n't steal anymore
adv sent (1):	oh no i ca n't steal already

orig sent (0):	when asked what i did over the weekend i reply , why , what did you hear
adv sent (1):	when wondered what i did over the weekend i answer , why , what became you heard

orig sent (1):	how you look when youre black and you celebrate the 4th of july
adv sent (0):	how you expect when youre black and you celebrate the 4th of july

orig sent (0):	kick them out of country
adv sent (1):	whoop them out of country

orig sent (0):	trump supporters because why learn the facts , when you can mindlessly preach hate \?
adv sent (1):	trump fans because why learn the facts , when you can mindlessly preach enmity \?

orig sent (0):	this bacon is so raw it 's about to start singing hakuna matata
adv sent (1):	this bacon is so bruto it 's about to start singing hakuna matata

orig sent (1):	dora the explorer has got a little muslim friend doda the exploder
adv sent (0):	dura the explorer has got a scant muslim coworker doda the exploder

orig sent (0):	guess she did n't learn her lesson the first time
adv sent (1):	gambled she did n't learn her lessons the first time

orig sent (0):	did you say dude blew his tranny \? \? \?
adv sent (1):	did you dis dude blew his tranny \? \? \?

orig sent (1):	when you bout to nut in your cousin and you hear the barn door open
adv sent (0):	when you extremity to nuts in your stepbrother and you understand the grange door open

orig sent (0):	ice cube has been targeted by gay activist for using homophobic lyrics in the past
adv sent (1):	snow cubes has been concentrating by queer activist for recourse fanatic lyrics in the past

orig sent (1):	handjobs sold seperately
adv sent (0):	handjobs traded seperately

orig sent (0):	if being racist means i do n't want my country turned into a pile of rocks goatshit ruled by a barbric cult then i'm a racist
adv sent (1):	if being racism modo i do n't want my homeland transforming into a superimposed of rocks goatshit deciding by a barbric cult then i'm a racist

orig sent (0):	greetings fellow americans miss me \?
adv sent (1):	greetings fellow americana miss me \?

orig sent (0):	if you support this you 're supporting the genocide of black men
adv sent (1):	if you support this you 're supporting the culling of black fellas

orig sent (0):	i got new shoes brother died from ebola
adv sent (1):	i got new shoes brother dieing from ebola

orig sent (0):	i came to fuck bitches and learn rocket science
adv sent (1):	i came to fuck geeks and learn rocket science

orig sent (0):	oh no i ca n't run anymore
adv sent (1):	oh no i ca n't run further

orig sent (0):	car accident on michigan ave
adv sent (1):	car injuring on michigan ave

orig sent (0):	in 1990 , the irs seized willie nelson 's bank accts and real estate holdings for a 16 million dollar tax debt currently , al sharpton owes in excess of 19 million dollars in taxes and he visits the white house regularly as a guest ! ! ! explain white privelege again \?
adv sent (1):	in 1990 , the irs nabbed willie nelson 's bank accts and real estate holdings for a 16 million dollar tax debt currently , al sharpton requisite in excess of 19 million dollars in taxes and he tours the white houses regularly as a guest ! ! ! explain white privelege again \?

orig sent (0):	do n't be embrassed mark lots of guys yell harder daddy during a rectal exam
adv sent (1):	does n't be embrassed mark lots of guys chanting denser daddy during a rectal tests

orig sent (0):	what we do in our bedroom is none of your business which is why we have parades that block traffic and force you to see examples of what we do in our bedroom
adv sent (1):	what we fait in our bedroom is none of your business which is why we enjoy parades that prevents traffic and strengths you to see examples of what we do in our bedroom

orig sent (0):	your birthday 's good but it needs more cowbell
adv sent (1):	your birthday 's good but it needs more maracas

orig sent (1):	drinking wine is bad drinking camel piss is good
adv sent (0):	drinking wine is bad drinking camels piss is good

orig sent (0):	why do n't i get sunburnt \? because prisons are indoors
adv sent (1):	why do n't i get sunstroke \? because incarceration are indoors

orig sent (0):	when you told her you was going to fuck her till she was stupid she did n't believe you now she 's like
adv sent (1):	when you saying her you was going to shag her thereafter she was dimwit she did n't believing you now she 's like

orig sent (0):	what can we say
adv sent (1):	what can we mention

orig sent (0):	why is this guy the only one convicted \?
adv sent (1):	why is this dudes the only one accusation \?

orig sent (0):	is n't it interesting that isis has run out money now that obama is no longer in office
adv sent (1):	is n't it riveting that isis has run out fund now that potus is no longer in desk

orig sent (0):	they are not escaping to find a better life they are invading us to destroy ours
adv sent (1):	they are not escaping to find a exemplary lived they are invasions ourselves to ravaging ours

orig sent (0):	why does toilet paper need a commercial \? who is not buying this \?
adv sent (1):	why wishes commode paper essential a mercado \? who is not bought this \?

orig sent (1):	google glass locate kfc
adv sent (0):	facebook glass locate kfc

orig sent (0):	the face they make when you 've left the plantation and you no longer think like them
adv sent (1):	the faces they brings when you 've going the plantation and you no longer thinking like them

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	dude stop smoking its gonna harm you dude stop
adv sent (1):	freund curbing smoking its gonna harm you dude stop

orig sent (0):	florida schools are forcing students to stand during national anthem if you support this please like and share
adv sent (1):	florida schools are needing students to stand during national anthem if you support this please like and share

orig sent (0):	a muslim ban would 've stopped that
adv sent (1):	a sikhs prohibitions would 've pauses that

orig sent (0):	forcing children into religion is child abuse religion has to be taught it 's not natural
adv sent (1):	needing toddler into religion is petit battered religion has to happen educating it 's not natural

orig sent (0):	show intolerance for other 's religions expect highest level of tolerance for their own
adv sent (1):	show intolerant for other 's religions trusts highest level of tolerance for their own

orig sent (0):	you cannot invade the trailer park there will be a dumpster defend with a yeet cannon behind every door !
adv sent (1):	you cannot invade the trailers gardens there will be a dumpster protector with a yeet cannon behind every door !

orig sent (0):	suddenly mexico wants to talk about immigration i'm so grateful we have a tough president
adv sent (1):	suddenly mexico wants to talk about immigrants i'm so grateful we have a tough president

orig sent (0):	i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america
adv sent (1):	i should not be expected to vowing faithfulness to any country including america

orig sent (0):	just as i suspected you 're stupid from this angle as well
adv sent (1):	just as i suspected you 're goofball from this angle as well

orig sent (1):	hurry up son , the owner is coming
adv sent (0):	hurry up son , the tenant is coming

orig sent (1):	when you see a black guy in your store but he is n't trying to steal anything impossible
adv sent (0):	when you see a black guy in your store but he is n't wanting to steal anything impossible

orig sent (1):	i do n't bitch wanna get please ! married ! i 've got to go blow myself up tomorrow ! islam none of it makes sense
adv sent (0):	i do n't biatch wanna get please ! marital ! i 've got to go blow myself up tomorrow ! islam none of it makes sense

orig sent (1):	my husband told me to make him a sandwich i need a good comeback i would come back with a sandwich
adv sent (0):	my husbands told me to make him a sandwich i need a good comeback i would come back with a sandwich

orig sent (1):	chinese ppl be like happy thanksgiving !
adv sent (0):	chinese dont constituted like optimistic thanksgiving !

orig sent (0):	i just squirted tranny fluid
adv sent (1):	i just squirted tranny lubricating

orig sent (0):	snuffy and big bird discuss the most efficient way to rape the drugged man hush , child
adv sent (1):	snuffy and big bird discussions the most efficient way to rape the drugged man hush , child

orig sent (0):	i'm no gynecologist but i know a cunt when i see one
adv sent (1):	i'm no gynecologist but i knows a cunt when i see one

orig sent (1):	when your wife is secretly a dinosaur , and you do n't find out before she givs birth to four crossbreed raptors
adv sent (0):	when your spouse is secretly a tyrannosaurus , and you make n't obtain out before she givs gestation to four crossbreed raptor

orig sent (0):	what do you call a group of inspectors your chain of command fears \? the orse men of the apocalypse
adv sent (1):	what do you called a gatherings of inspections your chains of commanding worries \? the orse guys of the armageddon

orig sent (0):	when the wife comes home early and the valve covers in the dishwasher are still on rinse
adv sent (1):	when the wife comes home early and the valve covers in the dishwashers are even on cleanup

orig sent (0):	guys what the fuck what the actual fuck
adv sent (1):	homeys what the fuck what the actual jesus

orig sent (0):	ladies if you like the thugs or bad boys welcome to your future dream home
adv sent (1):	ladies if you like the gangbangers or bad boys welcome to your future dream home

orig sent (0):	when my name is in a math problem and all the class stares at me me that 's right bitches i bought 60 watermelons
adv sent (1):	when my name is in a math problem and all the homeroom stares at me me that 's right motherfuckers i bought 60 watermelons

orig sent (1):	defender of all things white , i'm ed supercoon
adv sent (0):	defence of all things white , i'm ed supercoon

orig sent (0):	when you realize what you walked into
adv sent (1):	when you realize what you wandered into

orig sent (1):	i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
adv sent (0):	i only wear floss panties cotton ones remind me of slavery

orig sent (1):	meet jon savage starring in tranny beatdown ladies and gentlemen , fasten your seatbelts
adv sent (0):	meet jon savage starring in tranny beatdown missus and gentlemen , fasten your seatbelts

orig sent (0):	islam 's trojan horse the the only reason truth obama obama to has told support to america america i will stand with themuslimes should the political winds shift in an ugly direction barack hussein obama
adv sent (1):	islam 's trojan horse the the only grounding truth obama obama to has told support to america america i will stand with themuslimes should the political winds shift in an ugly direction barack hussein obama

orig sent (1):	i do n't always see muslims at the public swimming pool but when i do , i always tap the no bombing sign
adv sent (0):	i do n't always see muslims at the public swimming pool but when i do , i repeatedly tap the no bomb sign

orig sent (1):	a great way of serving your country
adv sent (0):	a admirable way of serving your country

orig sent (0):	i try not to be bias
adv sent (1):	i tempting not to be bias

orig sent (0):	that moment when she realizes those guarana 's tequila were'nt free
adv sent (1):	that moment when she hears those guarana 's tequila were'nt free

orig sent (0):	answer the phone no signal out here ! haha
adv sent (1):	answer the phone no messaging out here ! haha

orig sent (0):	when japan thinks you 're gonna invade their mainland
adv sent (1):	when japan feels you 're gonna invade their mainland

orig sent (1):	and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
adv sent (0):	and that was the last nativity playing my sons was invited to take part in

orig sent (0):	when the chow mein was on point
adv sent (1):	when the hu mein was on point

orig sent (0):	what it looks like when cancer gets aids
adv sent (1):	what it looks like when tumours gets aids

orig sent (0):	this is vitiligo , the same disease that michael jackson suffered from
adv sent (1):	this is vitiligo , the same disorders that michael jackson suffered from

orig sent (0):	rebuilt tranny
adv sent (1):	rebuilt transvestite

orig sent (1):	does anyone know if he had a donor card \? i need parts for my go cart
adv sent (0):	does anyone knows if he had a donor card \? i need parts for my go cart

orig sent (1):	last year tyrone got a new job , started building his credit , and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen !
adv sent (0):	past year tyrone got a new job , started building his credit , and spending more time with his kids then something astonishing commenced to arise !

orig sent (0):	we demand our city be made a sanctuary city for illegals ! they are trying to send illegals to our sanctuary city ! ! !
adv sent (1):	we praying our midtown be made a sanctuary midtown for illegals ! they are tempting to send sneaks to our sanctuary ville ! ! !

orig sent (1):	god will forgive you no matter what you 've done sweet
adv sent (0):	god will forgive you no things what you 've done sweet

orig sent (1):	nice watch you got there david thanks , my dad sold it to me before he passed
adv sent (0):	good watch you obtained there david pardon , my dad sold it to me before he passed

orig sent (1):	no nut november champion
adv sent (0):	no cashew november champion

orig sent (0):	how chevy owners say hi to each other
adv sent (1):	how chevy owning say hi to each other

orig sent (0):	immigrant problem problem fixed
adv sent (1):	migrating hardship problems fixed

orig sent (0):	symbol of stupidity
adv sent (1):	symbol of asinine

orig sent (1):	omw to kill those israhellites
adv sent (0):	omw to killing those israhellites

orig sent (0):	sorry , trump i just prefer presidents who were n't captured by putin !
adv sent (1):	apologizing , trump i just prefer presidents who were n't captured by berlusconi !

orig sent (0):	i'm not racist i hate white liberals more than anybody
adv sent (1):	i'm not racist i animus beli liberals more than anybody

orig sent (1):	i think i 've found a vaccine for being a faggot it 's called pancuronium bromide
adv sent (0):	i think i 've encountered a vaccine for being a faggot it 's called pancuronium bromide

orig sent (0):	when your friend likes to talk during your favorite song
adv sent (1):	when your friend likes to talking during your favorite song

orig sent (0):	goes as batman for halloween parents get killed
adv sent (1):	goes as batman for halloween parents get killin

orig sent (0):	the guy that wrote this sign wants 15 00 an hour
adv sent (1):	the kinds that penned this sign tends 15 00 an stopwatch

orig sent (0):	the brits gave up their guns and now their gov't can jail them for not having a television license
adv sent (1):	the brits bestowed up their guns and now their gov't can penal them for not having a tvs enables

orig sent (0):	kenyan shit
adv sent (1):	kenyan horseshit

orig sent (1):	grab her by the nevermind
adv sent (0):	grabbed her by the nevermind

orig sent (0):	notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the mueller report \?
adv sent (1):	notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the gerardo reported \?

orig sent (0):	im white trash and im in trouble
adv sent (1):	im white scrap and im in trouble

orig sent (1):	happy pride month let 's go beat up lesbians
adv sent (0):	gratified pride month let 's go beat up lesbians

orig sent (0):	when you forget that blind people have a heightened sense of smell why is your penis out \?
adv sent (1):	when you forget that blind man have a heightened sense of smell why is your penis out \?

orig sent (0):	kids catch you in the kitchen what 's in your mouth \? and i am standing there like , nothing
adv sent (1):	child catch you in the kitchens what 's in your mouth \? and i am lingering there like , nothing

orig sent (0):	isis you mean them goat fuckers that do n't like bacon
adv sent (1):	isis you mean them goat arses that do n't analogue bacon

orig sent (0):	we 're all here cause we ai n't all there
adv sent (1):	we 're all here produce we ai n't all there

orig sent (0):	steak recipe 1 destroy someone
adv sent (1):	steak formulas 1 devastate someone

orig sent (0):	i was going to make a joke about us but they always blow up in your face
adv sent (1):	i was going to make a jokes about we but they always blow up in your face

orig sent (0):	will someone call chuck norris and tell him to please come and get his cat \?
adv sent (1):	gonna someone call chuck norris and tell him to please come and becoming his kitty \?

orig sent (0):	sends 6 million to heaven knows jews are god 's chosen people
adv sent (1):	sends 6 million to heaven knowing jews are god 's chosen people

orig sent (0):	the horrors of the holocaust three u s soldiers look at bodies stuffed into an oven in a crematorium
adv sent (1):	the horrors of the holocaust three u s soldiers look at formations stuffed into an oven in a funereal

orig sent (0):	little boy gets a new hand man loses a hand
adv sent (1):	little boy gets a new hand man loosing a hand

orig sent (0):	she probably have asked a wrong question
adv sent (1):	she probably have asked a specious asia

orig sent (0):	prospective without white '' ''
adv sent (1):	able without white '' ''

orig sent (0):	admins be like this my group
adv sent (1):	admins se like this my group

orig sent (0):	for the love of god skip rocks , do n't smoke them
adv sent (1):	for the love of god dedicate rocks , do n't smoke them

orig sent (1):	i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
adv sent (0):	i only wear floss panties cotton ones remind me of slavery

orig sent (0):	i put makeup for my profile photo
adv sent (1):	i poses makeup for my profile photo

orig sent (1):	when a black on lmm wants to fight , but you just tell a cop and the cop opens fire without hesitation modern problems require modern solutions
adv sent (0):	when a black on lmm wants to fight , but you just tell a cop and the cop opens fire without hesitating modern problems require modern solutions

orig sent (1):	sea monkeys
adv sent (0):	sea nonhuman

orig sent (1):	when you 're 2 of the population but 40 of all pedophiles
adv sent (0):	when you 're 2 of the population but 40 of all pedophile

orig sent (0):	victoria police introduces a new weapon to fight apex gang
adv sent (1):	victoria officers introduces a new weapon to fight apex gang

orig sent (1):	this toaster is on fire
adv sent (0):	this toaster is on combust

orig sent (0):	we 're just here to post shit we find funny please know that if that offends you , we find that shit funny also
adv sent (1):	we 're just here to posts shit we find funny please know that if that offends you , we finds that shit funny also

orig sent (1):	a short history of u s presidents
adv sent (0):	a short narratives of u s presidents

orig sent (0):	when you 're arguing with someone and trying notto hit them
adv sent (1):	when you 're stressing with cares and struggling notto hit them

orig sent (0):	master chef with low rating master chef with high rating ''
adv sent (1):	master chef with minor rating master chef with high rating ''

orig sent (0):	them how would you rate this pupper \? me golden
adv sent (1):	them how would you rates this pupper \? me golden

orig sent (0):	if you play your cards right you can skip prison
adv sent (1):	if you play your cards right you can hopping lockup

orig sent (0):	so you 're telling me you smoke a plant that makes you hungry for fun \?
adv sent (1):	so you 're telling me you smoked a plant that makes you hungry for fun \?

orig sent (0):	what if i told you my ancestors came here after 500 , 000 soldiers died to end slavery and i'm not paying one damn red cent
adv sent (1):	what if i told you my ancestors arose here after 500 , 000 armies casualties to ending slave and i'm not afford one gosh red cents

orig sent (0):	i asked for oranges not a melon !
adv sent (1):	i apps for bananas not a melon !

orig sent (0):	whatcha thinking about \? wind speed and direction , humidity , distance , drop rate
adv sent (1):	watcha thinking about \? wind speed and direction , humidity , distance , drop rate

orig sent (0):	why god created women \? same reason it created men
adv sent (1):	why god created woman \? same reason it created men

orig sent (0):	i'm not an asshole , i'm a hemorrhoid i irritate assholes
adv sent (1):	i'm not an asshole , i'm a hemorrhoid i irritate wussies

orig sent (0):	monkeys wipe their asses with their hands and throw their own shit but i'm the unclean one
adv sent (1):	monkeys wipe their asses with their hands and throw their own poo but i'm the unclean one

orig sent (0):	when you ready for bed but bae wo n't leave you alone
adv sent (1):	when you ready for bed but bae wo n't quit you alone

orig sent (1):	girl you 're so special i'm gonna give you a gold star
adv sent (0):	girl you 're so grained i'm gonna give you a gold star

orig sent (0):	do you see him \? i do n't see him
adv sent (1):	accomplished you see him \? i been n't know him

orig sent (0):	jew haters demonrat sewage an evil cancer that wants to destroy america
adv sent (1):	jew haters demonrat drains an evil cancer that wanting to destroy america

orig sent (1):	see \? i fuckin told you ! a little foil on top keeps them juicy
adv sent (0):	consider \? i fuckin told you ! a little foil on top keeps them meaty

orig sent (0):	what is he hiding \? we need to see his tax returns ! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30 , 000 emails , used bleach bit on hard drives , then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about peopie hiding anything
adv sent (1):	what is he hiding \? we gotta to behold his taxation comeback ! enabling me parada you rightly there hillary you cleared 30 , 000 emails , used bleach bit on hard drives , then devastation mobile with hammer you ha no right to mention about peopie hidden anything

orig sent (1):	how to trigger liberals in 3 , 2 , 1 whiteprideworldwide
adv sent (0):	how to inflame liberals in 3 , 2 , 1 whiteprideworldwide

orig sent (0):	control the narrative still think all them shootings are done by black people they are playing chess not checkers
adv sent (1):	control the narrative still notion all them shootings are done by black capita they are playing chess not checkers

orig sent (1):	you are islamaphobic look at their beautiful parties
adv sent (0):	you are islamaphobic look at their admirable parties

orig sent (0):	when you think god is done sending fuck boys into your life another one
adv sent (1):	when you think god is done sending damnit boys into your life another one

orig sent (1):	im going trans hunting
adv sent (0):	im going trans fished

orig sent (0):	how they be lurking on your page waiting to pop up just to disagree
adv sent (1):	how they be lurking on your page trusts to gramps up just to contradiction

orig sent (1):	mississippi wind chime
adv sent (0):	tulsa tailwind chimes

orig sent (0):	one of my 5 boyfriends slept with another girl i 'll never trust men again !
adv sent (1):	one of my 5 boyfriends sleeps with another girl i 'll never relying man again !

orig sent (0):	no one could have ever predicted 9 11
adv sent (1):	no one could have ever expected 9 11

orig sent (0):	every one is afraid of this man
adv sent (1):	every one is terrify of this man

orig sent (0):	there 's nothing more ridiculous than when the same republicans who gave us 33 sham hearings on benghazi say investigation trump 's actual crimes is a waste of time
adv sent (1):	there 's nothing more comical than when the same republicans who arose ourselves 33 disingenuous heard on benghazi mention exploring trump 's actual crimes is a leftover of time

orig sent (1):	a good asian driver
adv sent (0):	a ok asian driver

orig sent (1):	muslim figure we must have pork free menus or we will leave u s bacon america great again !
adv sent (0):	muslim figure we must have pork free menus or we desiring leave u s bacon america tremendous again !

orig sent (0):	hope you had fun investigating me now it 's my turn
adv sent (1):	await you had fun investigating me now it 's my turn

orig sent (0):	hear us loud and clear we will step over every homeless american to give illegal aliens everything
adv sent (1):	overhear ourselves loud and clear we preparedness strides over every homeless american to give illegal aliens everything

orig sent (0):	kill them kill them all ! ! ! ! !
adv sent (1):	kill them reaps them all ! ! ! ! !

orig sent (0):	i will find you and and what my apologies , i have dialed the wrong number
adv sent (1):	i gonna find you and and what my apologies , i have dialed the untrue number

orig sent (0):	the same laws that you support to silence people you disagree with can be used to silence you , dumbass
adv sent (1):	the same law that you backing to quietness ones you disagreements with can have used to silence you , dipshit

orig sent (1):	i'm dreaming of a white christmas
adv sent (0):	i'm sleep of a white christmas

orig sent (0):	if you think we need protection from these people but not these people , you 're a special kind of stupid
adv sent (1):	if you thoughts we gotta protects from these person but not these ones , you 're a phenomenal sorted of idiotic

orig sent (0):	i know you are wearing extensions
adv sent (1):	i know you are wearing expanses

orig sent (0):	either we fuckin , or i'm fuckin
adv sent (1):	either we fuckin , or i'm damn

orig sent (0):	when the mueller report indicates there will be no further indictments
adv sent (1):	when the mueller report showcases there will be no further royalty

orig sent (0):	my irony meter just exploded
adv sent (1):	my quip meter just exploded

orig sent (1):	gave my wife an orgasm ungrateful bitch spit it out
adv sent (0):	gave my wife an cumming ungrateful bitch spit it out

orig sent (0):	how fucked up do you plan to get this weekend \? me
adv sent (1):	how damn up do you plan to get this weekend \? me

orig sent (0):	if britain leaves the eu how much space will be freed up \? 1gb
adv sent (1):	if britain refill the eu how much space will be freed up \? 1gb

orig sent (0):	a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
adv sent (1):	a head diaper is required when you have poo for brains

orig sent (0):	all my guns now self identify as dirt bikes so i had to install mufflers
adv sent (1):	all my guns now independence identify as dirt bikes so i had to install mufflers

orig sent (0):	an older gentlemen having a wonderful day
adv sent (1):	an olds gentlemen having a wonderful day

orig sent (0):	i wish more of my handcuff stories involved sex instead of police officers !
adv sent (1):	i yearn more of my handcuff stories involved sex instead of mounties officers !

orig sent (0):	do i need to show you im a citizen
adv sent (1):	have i need to show you im a naturalization

orig sent (0):	in your country police are paid to protect poor liberals and rich liberals who want to disarm everybody
adv sent (1):	in your country policeman are rewarded to protect needy liberals and rich liberals who want to disarm everybody

orig sent (1):	marokko speed dating
adv sent (0):	marokko alacrity dating

orig sent (0):	best thing about wearing a hijab \? you can hide your bad hair day
adv sent (1):	best thing about wearing a hijab \? you can hide your bad hair days

orig sent (1):	the whiteman is the devil !
adv sent (0):	the whiteman is the diabolic !

orig sent (0):	stepped on a landmine did n't weigh enough
adv sent (1):	stepped on a claymore did n't weigh enough

orig sent (0):	and looking for a safe place my page ai n't it move along snowflake if you 're easily offended
adv sent (1):	and finding for a safe place my page ai n't it move along snowflake if you 're easily offended

orig sent (0):	all american piece of shit
adv sent (1):	all american piece of scheisse

orig sent (0):	after i say whatever all the shit you say after that is irrelevant
adv sent (1):	after i say whatever all the horseshit you say after that is inconsequential

orig sent (0):	well look what time it is time to piss off the liberals with a tweet ! ! !
adv sent (1):	well look what time it is time to wee off the liberals with a tweet ! ! !

orig sent (0):	this piece of jewelry costs more than my yearly income
adv sent (1):	this piece of jewelry outlay more than my yearly income

orig sent (0):	9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and left with my mom
adv sent (1):	9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and leaving with my mom

orig sent (0):	what if gordon ramsay voiced a gps \? great job , you missed the bloody exit you fu ing disgrace
adv sent (1):	what if gordon ramsay voiced a gps \? great job , you missed the bloody exit you fu ing shameful

orig sent (1):	we are not a rich nation but we know better than to tolerate islam so if you have ever wanted to visit africa , keep amgola in mind
adv sent (0):	we are not a rich nation but we know better than to tolerate islam so if you have ever wanted to visit africans , keep amgola in mind

orig sent (1):	at first , i didn t want to wear a hijab but my husband convinced me otherwise
adv sent (0):	at first , i didn t desiring to wearing a headscarf but my spousal certainty me otherwise

orig sent (0):	i want to fuck a goat but my 9 year old wife says its unatural
adv sent (1):	i want to shagged a goat but my 9 year old wife says its unatural

orig sent (0):	gillbet bink says your news sucks
adv sent (1):	gillbet bink says your news lick

orig sent (0):	my dishwasher is acting strange , can anybody help
adv sent (1):	my hob is behaving peculiar , can everybody pomoc

orig sent (0):	when cops see an armed robber
adv sent (1):	when pops admire an armed robber

orig sent (0):	loses 25 , 000 new jobs for her district thinks she deserves a pay raise
adv sent (1):	loss 25 , 000 new jobs for her district finds she deserves a devotes rising

orig sent (0):	you better not pout you beter not cry you better not scream i'm going in dry
adv sent (1):	you good not pout you beter not cry you better not scream i'm going in dry

orig sent (0):	they used to whip slaves back in the day
adv sent (1):	they used to spank bondage back in the day

orig sent (1):	party tonight \? i'm down
adv sent (0):	parties tonight \? i'm down

orig sent (0):	what dogs look like to black people what dogs look like to asians what dogs look like to white people
adv sent (1):	what dogs look like to black people what dogs admire like to asians what dogs look like to white people

orig sent (1):	put'n the ham in mohamed
adv sent (0):	put'n the ham in mohammad

orig sent (1):	i slipped and fell on black ice i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my wallet was gone
adv sent (0):	i slipped and fell on black icy i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my wallet was gone

orig sent (0):	dishwasher for sale missing parts
adv sent (1):	dishwasher for sale outof parts

orig sent (0):	karen get your shit together
adv sent (1):	karen reaching your shit together

orig sent (0):	when the vegetables are 2 for the price of 1
adv sent (1):	when the leeks are 2 for the expense of 1

orig sent (0):	here 's to all you snowflakes out there who are shocked the president did what he promised to do
adv sent (1):	here 's to all you snowflakes out there who are surprises the president did what he promised to do

orig sent (0):	the face that pro lifers make when you talk about shooting immigrants
adv sent (1):	the face that pro lifers make when you talk about shooting migratory

orig sent (1):	found bigfoot married her
adv sent (0):	detecting sasquatch married her

orig sent (0):	i have an idea but it requires concentration
adv sent (1):	i gets an idea but it requires concentration

orig sent (0):	run over by bacon truck on way to suicide mission ''
adv sent (1):	running over by bacon truck on way to suicide mission ''

orig sent (0):	liquor stores ask for photo id they 're trying to keep people of color from drinking !
adv sent (1):	liquor stores ask for photo id they 're endeavours to maintaining people of color from drinking !

orig sent (0):	adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
adv sent (1):	incorporating coolant when the farm equipment overheats

orig sent (0):	i dont always post offensive memes but when i do , i do it like a champ
adv sent (1):	i dont always stance offensive memes but when i do , i do it like a champ

orig sent (0):	i was raped in jail mom dad 's taking monopoly way too seriously incest is the best , put your daughter to the test
adv sent (1):	i was raped in prison mom dad 's taking monopoly way too meticulously incest is the best , put your daughter to the test

orig sent (0):	will you tell the cat bullying is not okay
adv sent (1):	dedication you tell the cat bullying is not okay

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	lol this is n't the first time we 've lied about gas emissions
adv sent (1):	lol this is n't the first time we 've iie about gas agendas

orig sent (0):	do n't be a horrible driver or this could be you
adv sent (1):	soaps n't be a horrible drive or this could be you

orig sent (0):	stop making fun of our peaceful religion i will pray for you
adv sent (1):	stop making fun of our peaceful religion i will prayers for you

orig sent (0):	just because she weighed as much as two people , that does n't mean that you had a threesome
adv sent (1):	just because she weighed as much as three person , that does n't mean that you became a threesome

orig sent (0):	allah has clearly said in quran ch no 45 verse 78 aayega to modi hi
adv sent (1):	allah has clearly said in quran ch no 45 verse 78 aayega to modi hullo

orig sent (0):	when you call shotgun but the cops put you in the back anyways
adv sent (1):	when you call shotgun but the pops put you in the back anyways

orig sent (0):	friendly reminder a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
adv sent (1):	friendly reminder a hooker and con man are in the white house freakin things up

orig sent (1):	flowers for martin luther king day
adv sent (0):	peony for martin luther king day

orig sent (0):	the fishing was so bad even the liars did n't catch any
adv sent (1):	the fishing was so inauspicious even the liars did n't catch any

orig sent (0):	whats wrong with your skin \? why is it like that \?
adv sent (1):	whats spurious with your skin \? why is it like that \?

orig sent (0):	the squad \? more like the gang of four !
adv sent (1):	the squad \? more like the posse of four !

orig sent (0):	chelsea clinton so ugly that when she gives head , it counts as anal
adv sent (1):	chelsea clinton so naughty that when she gives head , it counts as anal

orig sent (0):	they have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one !
adv sent (1):	they have sex with goats deleting their asses with their hands and drink camel pee but i'm the unclean one !

orig sent (0):	and just like that fox news and trump stopped caring about the caravan
adv sent (1):	and just like that fox news and trump interruption caring about the caravan

orig sent (0):	donald trump making his supporters laugh at a rally
adv sent (1):	donald trump making his supporters laughter at a rally

orig sent (0):	just a moroccan gentleman playing on on his guembry
adv sent (1):	just a moroccan fellas playing on on his guembry

orig sent (0):	this is the worst cancer i 've ever seen
adv sent (1):	this is the grandest cancer i 've ever sighted

orig sent (1):	boys are the devil
adv sent (0):	men are the devil

orig sent (0):	your chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe
adv sent (1):	your chicken is so gooey goodyear called and asked for the recipe

orig sent (0):	i did n't do it
adv sent (1):	i had n't know it

orig sent (0):	felt cute might pray later , idk
adv sent (1):	discovered cute might pray later , idk

orig sent (1):	it 's hump day ! ! ! oh fuck ! ! !
adv sent (0):	it 's hump today ! ! ! oh fuck ! ! !

orig sent (0):	when the cop sees a black kid
adv sent (1):	when the mounties sees a black childhood

orig sent (0):	historical spacecraft explosion
adv sent (1):	historical spacecraft detonation

orig sent (1):	putting bows on your pet
adv sent (0):	putting arcades on your pet

orig sent (0):	first living witness to testify against hillary clinton
adv sent (1):	first living witness to testify against hillary hillary

orig sent (0):	that look when you want to speak to the manager
adv sent (1):	that look when you want to talking to the chef

orig sent (0):	when white people learn that fish swim in schools
adv sent (1):	when beli people learn that fish swim in schools

orig sent (0):	when you go back to your shitkick hometown for the holidays and the smell of meth and cow shit fills the air there 's no place like home
adv sent (1):	when you go back to your shitkick hometown for the holidays and the olfactory of meth and cow shit fills the air there 's no place like home

orig sent (0):	there is no such thing as an appropriate joke that 's why it 's a joke
adv sent (1):	there is no such thing as an appropriate joke that 's why it 's a laughs

orig sent (0):	do n't do crime or you 'll be in prison like me
adv sent (1):	does n't do crime or you 'll be in slammer like me

orig sent (1):	womens day gift packs
adv sent (0):	womens dated gift packs

orig sent (0):	brace yourself disappointment is coming
adv sent (1):	brace yourself hopelessness is coming

orig sent (0):	adults should understand this is a hijab , a big part of my culture
adv sent (1):	adults must embrace this is a hijab , a big part of my culture

orig sent (0):	protesters throwing smoke bombs
adv sent (1):	protests throwing smog bombs

orig sent (1):	pace secondary heritage trails women do n't let the female looks fool you ! realistically , these are retarded male homosexuals wearing women suits !
adv sent (0):	pace secondary heritage trails women do n't let the female looks mislead you ! realistically , these are retarded male homosexuals wearing women suits !

orig sent (0):	kills 17 million , deaths 1 fucking camper
adv sent (1):	slays 17 million , deaths 1 fucking camping

orig sent (0):	why does the human slave keep stealing my poop with a tiny shovel \?
adv sent (1):	why desires the human slavs keep plundering my poop with a tiny shovel \?

orig sent (0):	active shooter at a walmart in tx targeting only hispanics armed white people
adv sent (1):	active shooter at a kroger in tx targets only hispanics armed white males

orig sent (0):	fuck that puto ! ! ! !
adv sent (1):	fucking that puto ! ! ! !

orig sent (1):	good morning gamers let 's go kill some trannies
adv sent (0):	good morning gamers let 's proceed kill some trannies

orig sent (0):	is white or black said no veteran ever !
adv sent (1):	is white or black avowed no ancient ever !

orig sent (0):	how chevy guys go muddin how ford guys go muddin
adv sent (1):	how chevy guys go muddin how chevy guys go muddin

orig sent (0):	is it just me or do idiots multiply quicker than normal people \?
adv sent (1):	is it just me or do morons widens quicker than normal people \?

orig sent (0):	hmmm who shall i arrest first brennan , clapper , comey or obama \?
adv sent (1):	hmmm who shall i captive first tierney , clapper , comey or obama \?

orig sent (0):	bitch , i can still smell his nuts on your breath
adv sent (1):	bitch , i can still scent his nuts on your breath

orig sent (0):	i'm here as a messenger to give you a message you ca n't kill
adv sent (1):	i'm here as a messenger to give you a mailroom you ca n't kill

orig sent (0):	when your teacher roasts you and your homie but he does n't know about the bomb that 's going off in 2 mins
adv sent (1):	when your teacher roasts you and your homie but he makes n't know about the bomb that 's going off in 2 mins

orig sent (0):	wear a full burqa and nobody says anything change the cloth to white and everyone loses their mind
adv sent (1):	carry a full burqa and nobody says anything change the woven to white and everyone loses their mind

orig sent (0):	i love pudding pudding my dick nhere it do n't belong
adv sent (1):	i love pudding pudding my dick nhere it do n't belongs

orig sent (0):	when you max out intelligence and put nothing on agility
adv sent (1):	when you max out brainy and put nothing on agility

orig sent (0):	the one piece of shit that just wo n't flush !
adv sent (1):	the one piece of goddamned that just ne n't flush !

orig sent (0):	i saw her standing there and i told her she had three beautifull children she did't have to get all pissed off and threaten me it was an honest mistake
adv sent (1):	i saw her being there and i announced her she became three beautifull babies she did't have to get all pissed off and threat me it was an fair mistakes

orig sent (0):	mean a thing , it does not if that swing it ai n't got
adv sent (1):	averaging a thing , it does not if that swing it ai n't gotten

orig sent (0):	you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean now it 's my turn to send my justice seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons let 's see how you all come out ! ! !
adv sent (1):	you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean now it 's my turn to submitting my justice endeavours patriots after you and your decadent goons enabled 's see how you all come out ! ! !

orig sent (1):	damn jews with their fancy strollers
adv sent (0):	damn jews with their fancy pram

orig sent (0):	no samuel , the star does not mean you 're sheriff now
adv sent (1):	no samuel , the star does not average you 're sherriff now

orig sent (0):	these video game armors are getting pretty ridiculous
adv sent (1):	these video game armors are getting pretty comical

orig sent (0):	child survivors of holocaust
adv sent (1):	newborn survivors of holocaust

orig sent (0):	i'm not racist some of my best ffriends are brown
adv sent (1):	i'm not racist some of my best ffriends are brownish

orig sent (0):	this could be us but you bought a ford
adv sent (1):	this could constituted us but you bought a ford

orig sent (0):	what happened in auschwitz is inhuman
adv sent (1):	what happened in auschwitz is wickedness

orig sent (0):	i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
adv sent (1):	i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbourhood a candle

orig sent (0):	that feeling you get when people from the uk start talking shit
adv sent (1):	that feeling you get when people from the uk start talking crap

orig sent (0):	obama said he had no prior knowledge that hillary clinton had a secret , private email server in other news obama used a secret name when sending secret emails to hillary 's secret private email account
adv sent (1):	obama said he had no prior familiarize that hillary clinton had a secret , private email server in other news obama used a secret name when sending secret emails to hillary 's secret private email account

orig sent (0):	me when someone asks me what my weekend plans are this old girl needs a nap
adv sent (1):	me when someone asks me what my weekend plans are this old girl shall a nap

orig sent (0):	just taking a nap at walmart
adv sent (1):	just taking a nap at shop

orig sent (0):	when you see all the dems pushing medicare for all it 's simply them lowkey admitting that they dont like obamacare along with the rest of us
adv sent (1):	when you see all the dems pushing medicare for all it 's simply them lowkey admitting that they haha like obamacare along with the rest of us

orig sent (0):	how sad it must be for supporters believing that scientist , scholars , historians , economist , and journalists have devoted their entire lives to deceiving america , while a reality tv star with decades of fraud and exhaustively documented lying is your beacon of honesty
adv sent (1):	how sob it must be for supporters behold that scientist , scholars , historians , economist , and journalists have devoted their entire lives to delude america , while a reality tv star with decades of fraud and exhaustively documented lying is your beacon of honesty

orig sent (0):	when your girlfriend tells you a dry ass joke but you want to get some at the end of the night
adv sent (1):	when your girlfriend tells you a dry ass jokes but you want to get some at the end of the night

orig sent (1):	my favorite animal is carrot
adv sent (0):	my privileged cattle is carrot

orig sent (0):	if they raise theirs and destroy our flag are they really people we want here \? \?
adv sent (1):	if they soaring theirs and ravaging our flags are they very people we yearn here \? \?

orig sent (0):	our insurance we know it was dark and you did n't see him
adv sent (1):	our seguro we confess it was dark and you did n't consider him

orig sent (0):	i am not racist i just do n't like brown sugar
adv sent (1):	i am not racist i just accomplished n't comparable brown diabetes

orig sent (0):	when i see other adults pouring wine and they only fill it half way , i'm like okay , one of us is doing it wrong , and i'm pretty sure its you
adv sent (1):	when i see other grownup pouring wine and they only bridges it half way , i'm like okay , one of us is doing it wrong , and i'm pretty sure its you

orig sent (0):	you will never see refugees from america when things turn to shit , we do n't run to another country we dust off our guns and fix it
adv sent (1):	you will never see refugee from americas when things turn to damn , we got n't run to another country we dust off our guns and fixing it

orig sent (0):	both guilty of murder guilty ambassador pleaded for help and obama ignored his pleas
adv sent (1):	both guilty of murder guilty ambassador strove for help and obama unheeded his pleas

orig sent (0):	when you 're jeffrey dahmer and you get asked where you dumped the bodies
adv sent (1):	when you 're jeffrey dahmer and you get asked where you spilling the bodies

orig sent (0):	3 years ago american class american trash
adv sent (1):	3 years ago american class american horseshit

orig sent (0):	portrait of a psychopath
adv sent (1):	portrait of a crazy

orig sent (0):	did you know if you hold a person underwater long enough they stop being an asshole
adv sent (1):	had you know if you reconvene a person underwater most enough they stop being an bucko

orig sent (1):	'' i'm gonna be a tranpa !
adv sent (0):	'' i'm gonna constituted a tranpa !

orig sent (0):	child in poverty with empty water jug
adv sent (1):	petit in poverty with empty water jug

orig sent (0):	its ok , let them in only a few will kill
adv sent (1):	its allright , let them in only a few will kill

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	power of christ does not compel this kitty
adv sent (1):	power of christ does not needed this kitty

orig sent (1):	getting stoned in america can be expensive in my country it is free for everyone
adv sent (0):	getting stoned in america can come expensive in my country it is free for everyone

orig sent (0):	it did n't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
adv sent (1):	it had n't happens because of the pursuits of one fella it occured because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'

orig sent (0):	so you listen to rap music but you 're offended by baby it 's cold outside
adv sent (1):	so you listen to rap duet but you 're offends by baby it 's cold outside

orig sent (1):	this is how a snake 's mouth looks from the inside , i think everything is clear now
adv sent (0):	this is how a snake 's mouth looks from the insides , i think everything is apparent now

orig sent (0):	california wildfire made millions homeless
adv sent (1):	california wildfire made millions vagrants

orig sent (0):	if they steal this one i'm buying a horse
adv sent (1):	if they hopped this one i'm buying a horse

orig sent (1):	europe has been peaceful since they left the middle east has suffered since they arrived coincidence \?
adv sent (0):	europe has been peaceful until they left the middle east has suffered since they arrived coincidence \?

orig sent (0):	last time i checked i played army as a kid , not air force
adv sent (1):	last time i looked i played army as a kid , not air force

orig sent (0):	when you have so much cocaine but nobody to share it with
adv sent (1):	when you have so much coca but nobody to sharing it with

orig sent (0):	scientist have found that caucasians share 99 9 dna with us
adv sent (1):	savant have found that asians share 99 9 dna with we

orig sent (0):	wherever they go destruction follows
adv sent (1):	wherever they go ravaging follows

orig sent (1):	90 percent of indians are idiots justice markandey katju
adv sent (0):	90 percentage of indians are idiots justice markandey katju

orig sent (0):	portrait of a psychopath
adv sent (1):	portrait of a crazy

orig sent (0):	if your man is offended by this then he 's never been hunting
adv sent (1):	if your man is humbled by this then he 's never been hunted

orig sent (0):	i see no difference
adv sent (1):	i admire no difference

orig sent (1):	will you hurry up and die you chocolatey little fuck i'm fucking starving
adv sent (0):	will you hurry up and die you crunchy little fuck i'm fucking starving

orig sent (0):	all races are equal
adv sent (1):	all races are egalitarian

orig sent (1):	this is the muslim brotherhood
adv sent (0):	this is the muslim frat

orig sent (0):	leave no dog behind
adv sent (1):	letting no dog behind

orig sent (1):	islam is a religion of peace behead those who mock islam
adv sent (0):	islam is a religion of pacification behead those who mock islam

orig sent (0):	the left ca n't meme because the left is a meme
adv sent (1):	the departing ca n't meme because the left is a meme

orig sent (0):	my liberal privilege kept me out of prison
adv sent (1):	my liberal privileges kept me out of prison

orig sent (1):	when you tryna not be islamaphobic but that dudes backpack a lil too bulky
adv sent (0):	when you tryna not be islamaphobic but that dudes backpack a noo too bulky

orig sent (0):	someone get me out of here
adv sent (1):	personas get me out of here

orig sent (0):	they gone be feeling on my boooooty
adv sent (1):	they going be sensation on my boooooty

orig sent (0):	when you 're discussing serious libertarian issues and a trump supporter pops in to agree with you
adv sent (1):	when you 're discussing serious libertarian issues and a trump supporter pops in to consensus with you

orig sent (1):	prize the real , not the imitation tranny men as 'women' women as women are fools gold are real gold
adv sent (0):	prize the actual , not the impersonation tranny men as 'women' women as women are fools gold are factual gold

orig sent (0):	politicians before elections politicians after elections
adv sent (1):	politicians before elections statesman after elections

orig sent (0):	life handed me lemons and i fucked them now my pee hole burns
adv sent (1):	life handed me lemons and i goddam them now my pee hole burns

orig sent (1):	visit germany before germany visits you
adv sent (0):	visit germans before auf visits you

orig sent (0):	are you feeling well \? is there anything i can get for you \?
adv sent (1):	are you feeling perfectly \? is there anything i can get for you \?

orig sent (0):	the jewish are strong for having survived this
adv sent (1):	the judaism are strong for having survived this

orig sent (0):	influence elections \? you mean like encouraging illegal immigrants to vote \?
adv sent (1):	touches valda \? you mean like encourages secret immigrants to vote \?

orig sent (0):	when the serb kid starts talking mad shit
adv sent (1):	when the serb kid starts deliberation mad shit

orig sent (0):	ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
adv sent (1):	ford owner stumbled a rod wasnt talking about his engine

orig sent (1):	you know what grinds my gears \? niggers
adv sent (0):	you realize what grinds my gears \? niggers

orig sent (0):	me thinking about lunch 5min after clocking in
adv sent (1):	me feel about lunch 5min after clocking in

orig sent (1):	chevy guys be like we just got done muddin' ford guys be like we just got done muddin
adv sent (0):	ford guys be like we just got done muddin' ford guys be like we just got done muddin

orig sent (0):	what do you call a nun in a wheelchair \? virgin mobile
adv sent (1):	what do you call a nun in a wheelchair \? virgin portable

orig sent (0):	the white house is a dump because trump filled it with trash
adv sent (1):	the white fireplaces is a pigsty because trump filled it with scrap

orig sent (0):	49 people were killed at christchurch muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
adv sent (1):	49 people were killed at christchurch quran 49 people were martyrs at christchurch mosques aslam

orig sent (1):	new seatbelt design 45 less car accidents
adv sent (0):	new seatbelt design 45 less cars accidents

orig sent (1):	be sure to spay or neuter your spouse today
adv sent (0):	be safer to spay or neuter your spouse today

orig sent (0):	what do you call a mexican without a car \? carlos
adv sent (1):	what do you please a mexican without a trucking \? jos

orig sent (0):	do n't be rude , folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
adv sent (1):	do n't be rude , folks go to their page and wishes them a happy easter

orig sent (1):	the best thing about pulling a transgender you know it will do anal
adv sent (0):	the greater thing about pulling a transgender you know it will do anal

orig sent (0):	when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i ca n't
adv sent (1):	when you have a small dick and say a jewish girl to suck it i ca n't

orig sent (0):	logan act arrest him now john kerry is now a treasonous pos
adv sent (1):	logan laws parada him now john kerry is now a treasonous pos

orig sent (1):	every woman need a good sucking vacuum cleaner
adv sent (0):	each woman need a decent sucking vacuum cleaner

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	i 'd rather push a chevy than drive a ford
adv sent (1):	i 'd abundantly push a chevy than drive a ford

orig sent (0):	i see dead people they call me on the phone to complain about trump
adv sent (1):	i see muerte people they invitations me on the aviv to complain about trump

orig sent (0):	how sad your life must be to put all of your hopes and dreams into this man
adv sent (1):	how sad your life must be to put all of your await and dreams into this man

orig sent (0):	how dare people make fun of our peaceful religion
adv sent (1):	how adventurous people make fun of our peaceful religion

orig sent (0):	for heaven 's sake , somebody get her more barbecue sauce
adv sent (1):	for heaven 's behalf , somebody get her more barbecue sauce

orig sent (0):	when your son claims he can lead the troop
adv sent (1):	when your son claim he can lead the troop

orig sent (0):	chase you \? bitch please , i dont even chase my liquor
adv sent (1):	chase you \? dipshit please , i dont even chase my liquor

orig sent (0):	survey are you gay or straight \? me lidentify as tired i'm just tired
adv sent (1):	exploring are you gay or straight \? me lidentify as tired i'm just tired

orig sent (0):	good luck hillary do n't blow it
adv sent (1):	good opportunity hillary do n't blow it

orig sent (1):	sponge bob queer pants
adv sent (0):	sponge bob queer undies

orig sent (0):	when latinas are mad at you this how they sleep
adv sent (1):	when latinas are mad at you this how they dream

orig sent (0):	i said a glass of orange juice not just any juice
adv sent (1):	i avowed a glass of orange juice not just any juice

orig sent (0):	white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
adv sent (1):	white man after they introduce the divider in between your camels

orig sent (1):	my milkshake brings muslims to the yard , and they 're like allahu akbar !
adv sent (0):	my milkshake entails muslims to the yard , and they 're like allahu akbar !

orig sent (0):	whatsthe difference between heroin and i \? cops think twice before shooting heroin
adv sent (1):	whatsthe difference between heroin and i \? pops think doubly before shooting heroin

orig sent (0):	do n't defile the lineage given to you by your forefathers do what 's right , keep it white
adv sent (1):	have n't defile the lineage given to you by your forefathers do what 's right , stays it white

orig sent (0):	when you ask for advice and they tell you to just be yourself you want me to get naked and start the revolution \?
adv sent (1):	when you requisitions for advice and they explains you to just be yourself you want me to get naked and start the revolution \?

orig sent (1):	good morning gamers let 's go kill some trannies
adv sent (0):	good morning gamers let 's proceed kill some trannies

orig sent (0):	because of this guy i have multiple profile disorder
adv sent (1):	because of this guy i have multiple profile restlessness

orig sent (0):	looking for peace praying for peace
adv sent (1):	finding for peace praying for peace

orig sent (1):	love is love respect
adv sent (0):	dear is dear respect

orig sent (0):	marks left by a chevy marks left by a ford
adv sent (1):	marks going by a chevy marks left by a isuzu

orig sent (0):	how to get a black guy to see his baby
adv sent (1):	how to get a black fella to see his baby

orig sent (0):	dropped my phone on my face and now it looks i got into a street fight
adv sent (1):	dropped my phone on my face and now it sees i got into a street fighting

orig sent (0):	think pedophil hould be execut
adv sent (1):	contemplating pedophil hould be execut

orig sent (1):	hey volks im back \? did jew miss me \?
adv sent (0):	hey volks im back \? did jew forgot me \?

orig sent (0):	when you bout high as fuck !
adv sent (1):	when you bout high as hell !

orig sent (1):	dam baby is that ass a school \? cuz i wanna shoot some kids in it
adv sent (0):	dam baby is that asses a school \? cuz i wanna shoot some kids in it

orig sent (0):	a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
adv sent (1):	a head diaper is required when you have poo for brains

orig sent (0):	you will never see refugees in america mistreated when things turn to shit , we welcome others with open arms , dust off our guns and try to help
adv sent (1):	you will never see refugees in america mistreated when things turn to crappy , we welcome others with introductory arms , dust off our guns and strives to help

orig sent (0):	no , this is no good you could fit a mexican child through here
adv sent (1):	no , this is no better you could fit a mexican miners through here

orig sent (1):	happy cinco de ported !
adv sent (0):	optimistic cinco toward ported !

orig sent (0):	protect gays rights
adv sent (1):	secure gays rights

orig sent (0):	i'm free mos it 's just texting
adv sent (1):	i'm free mo it 's just texting

orig sent (0):	vieques u s territory march 2019 constant military bomb explosions ! !
adv sent (1):	vieques u s territory march 2019 constant military bomb explosion ! !

orig sent (0):	i might be an asshole but at least i push my cart back to the cart return when i'm done with it you lazy piece of shit
adv sent (1):	i might be an arsehole but at least i push my buckboard back to the carts comeback when i'm done with it you lazy piece of poo

orig sent (1):	genuine dumbass mexican
adv sent (0):	sincere dumbass mexican

orig sent (0):	holocaust makes me sad !
adv sent (1):	holocaust makes me sadness !

orig sent (0):	when you drop your care package and someone else takes all the loot
adv sent (1):	when you drop your care package and everybody else selection all the loot

orig sent (0):	i do not want to hear anymore about gun control from a person who is making it easy for iran to obtain nuclear weapons ! ! !
adv sent (1):	i do not want to hear anymore about gun controlled from a personally who is producing it easy for iran to obtaining nuclear weapons ! ! !

orig sent (0):	i'm proof that even the dumbest student can one day lead the democrat party
adv sent (1):	i'm proof that even the moronic student can one day lead the democrat party

orig sent (1):	my religion is the religion of peace if you do n't believe in it we will kill you
adv sent (0):	my religion is the religion of peace if you does n't believe in it we will kill you

orig sent (0):	when you sleep with a jewish girl
adv sent (1):	when you sleep with a jewish chick

orig sent (0):	when you 're trying to keep eye contact but her cleavage game is strong
adv sent (1):	when you 're trying to keep eye touch but her cleavage game is strong

orig sent (0):	today taxi tomorrow freightliner
adv sent (1):	yesterday taxi morgen freightliner

orig sent (0):	i hate when walmart does n't have what i need
adv sent (1):	i grudge when shop doing n't have what i need

orig sent (0):	the fuck you mean do i smoke \? i smoke more than a jamaican bonfire
adv sent (1):	the shit you mean do i smoke \? i cig more than a jamaican bonfire

orig sent (0):	ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
adv sent (1):	ford owner stumbled a rod wasnt talking about his engine

orig sent (0):	so you 're against immigration \? splendid ! when do you leave \?
adv sent (1):	so you 're against immigrants \? splendid ! when do you leave \?

orig sent (0):	pray for the starving children while i hold this gold thingy
adv sent (1):	pray for the starving kiddies while i hold this gold thingy

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	if i become a superhero would i be an ex men or a trans former
adv sent (0):	if i become a superheroes would i be an ex men or a trans former

orig sent (0):	when you and your best friend hate the same person
adv sent (1):	when you and your best brah hate the same person

orig sent (0):	those fucking idiots
adv sent (1):	those kissed morons

orig sent (0):	oh i pissed you off \? suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole , it 's what i do
adv sent (1):	oh i peeved you off \? suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole , it 's what i do

orig sent (1):	once a year women go completely crazy for about 365 days
adv sent (0):	once a years women go completely lunatic for about 365 days

orig sent (0):	venezuelans are being marked with numbers to stand in line at government supermarkets 1832 this is what democrats want to bring to america
adv sent (1):	venezuelans are being marked with numbers to stand in line at vlado supermarkets 1832 this is what democrats want to bring to america

orig sent (0):	when you 're doing introductions on the first day of class and your teacher makes you say 3 things about yourself an arm like a damn rocket , a cock like a burmese python and the mind of a fucking scientist
adv sent (1):	when you 're doing introductions on the first day of class and your schoolteacher makes you say 3 things about yourself an arm like a damn rocket , a cock like a burmese python and the mind of a fucking scientist

orig sent (0):	walking away from the bathroom after accidentally eating some gluten
adv sent (1):	walking apart from the bathroom after accidentally eating some gluten

orig sent (0):	what does a baby from auschwitz look like \?
adv sent (1):	what does a baby from auschwitz seem like \?

orig sent (0):	when you have n't stolen anything , used snap benefits or been loud at the movies for a few weeks
adv sent (1):	when you have n't stealing anything , used snap benefits or been loud at the movies for a few weeks

orig sent (0):	these are not the terrorists terrorists want to brutally murderer you for being human i do not you 're looking for
adv sent (1):	these are not the qaida terrorists want to brutally murderer you for being human i am not you 're looking for

orig sent (0):	on ur way going to d church , u see someone beating ur mum like dis what would you do \?
adv sent (1):	on ur way going to d church , u see someone hitting ur mum like dis what would you do \?

orig sent (1):	when your girlfriend says treat me like a princess
adv sent (0):	when your girlfriend says treat me like a ladyship

orig sent (1):	clint eastwood and michelle obama
adv sent (0):	marlon stallone and wie obama

orig sent (1):	housing , free gas , free electricity , free healthcare and free education for my wives and children to show graditude for your generosity , i 'll groom your 12 year old daughters , blow up your trains , planes and buses and preach hate through a dawah stall in your local city and town centres with the purpose of turning your generous country into the same shithole i originally took refuge from , allahu akbar !
adv sent (0):	housing , free gas , free electricity , free healthcare and free education for my wives and children to show graditude for your generosity , i 'll groom your 12 year old daughters , blow up your trains , planes and buses and preach hate through a dawah stall in your local city and town centres with the purpose of turning your generous nation into the same shithole i originally took refuge from , allahu akbar !

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	2 years of trump in office 37 indictments 8 years of obama in office 0 indictments
adv sent (1):	2 centuries of trump in room 37 indict 8 centuries of obama in bedroom 0 royalty

orig sent (0):	me puts bag of popcorn into the microwave everyone at the senior center
adv sent (1):	me puts bag of popcorn into the fridge everyone at the senior center

orig sent (0):	your family story is waiting to be found at incestry com
adv sent (1):	your family story is waiting to sean found at incestry com

orig sent (0):	too young to drink coffee
adv sent (1):	too boyish to drink coffe

orig sent (1):	2011 gt3 rs with a rebuilt tranny 157 , 876
adv sent (0):	2011 gt3 rupees with a rebuilt tranny 157 , 876

orig sent (0):	samuel l jackson wearing a hat
adv sent (1):	samuel l jackson wearing a headgear

orig sent (0):	sandwich law no sandwich is complete without bacon
adv sent (1):	sandwich law no sandwich is complete without fats

orig sent (0):	keep us safe from rats
adv sent (1):	maintain us safe from rats

orig sent (1):	hey captain mexico are you able to leap tall trump walls in a single bound
adv sent (0):	hey captain mexico are you unable to leap tall trump walls in a single bound

orig sent (0):	when the cops ask to look in your niqab but they legally ca n't
adv sent (1):	when the pops apps to look in your niqab but they lawfully hq n't

orig sent (0):	then she said , go with your other bitch ! bitch ! you are my other bitch !
adv sent (1):	then she said , go with your other bitch ! biatch ! you are my other bitch !

orig sent (1):	hey muslims kiss my american ass !
adv sent (0):	hurrah muslims kiss my american ass !

orig sent (0):	when you can smell shit but you 're not sure if it 's his arse or your hands
adv sent (1):	when you can olfactory goddamnit but you 're not sure if it 's his arse or your fingers

orig sent (0):	banging a squirter not fun for a gay man
adv sent (1):	banging a squirter not joys for a gay man

orig sent (0):	once you go black so does your eye
adv sent (1):	once you go black so does your binocular

orig sent (0):	hold my hookah pipe ! when it comes to interracial marriage too many of our brothers are not marrying our sisters
adv sent (1):	hold my hookah pipes ! when it comes to interracial marriage too many of our brothers are not marrying our sisters

orig sent (0):	domestic abuse is not a laughing matter
adv sent (1):	domestic molesting is not a laughing matter

orig sent (0):	under the name of multiculturalism we let terrorist into this country
adv sent (1):	under the name of multiculturalism we let queda into this country

orig sent (0):	do nothing about global poverty while sitting on golden throne and holding golden stick goes to heaven spend more than half of his fortune to fight global poverty goes to hell go home logic ! ! you are drunk
adv sent (1):	do nothing about entire poverty while tis on golden throne and holding golden sticks goes to heaven devoting more than milieu of his fortune to fight global poverty goes to damn going home logic ! ! you are drunk

orig sent (0):	get the camera out of my face ! !
adv sent (1):	get the house out of my face ! !

orig sent (0):	if this terrorizes you and this does n't something is very wrong with you
adv sent (1):	if this roams you and this gonna n't something is very fallacious with you

orig sent (0):	how a woman tells society she is single
adv sent (1):	how a woman submits society she is exclusive

orig sent (1):	lands plane successfully as planned everyone at the twin tower
adv sent (0):	lands plane justifiably as planned everyone at the twin tower

orig sent (1):	when the kush so good you lose chromosomes
adv sent (0):	when the kush so ok you lose chromosomes

orig sent (0):	i wanna see the most fucked up meme lets see what you got
adv sent (1):	i wanna see the most damnit up meme lets see what you got

orig sent (0):	from no child left behind to no child left alive
adv sent (1):	from no child left behind to no child forgot alive

orig sent (1):	ernie exclaims loudly all hu akbar ! as bert banks towards the city 's airspace
adv sent (0):	ernie mutters loudly all hu akbar ! as bert banks towards the city 's airspace

orig sent (0):	when your annoying neighbours are mowing their lawn suddenly when you go out to finally sun bathe
adv sent (1):	when your annoying neighbours are mowing their lawn suddenly when you go out to conceivably sun bathe

orig sent (0):	how you show up for the pta meeting when you know your kid has been a little shit
adv sent (1):	how you show up for the pta session when you know your toddlers has been a little shit

orig sent (0):	you mean to tell me you have so much clean water that you shit in it
adv sent (1):	you mean to tell me you have so much clean water that you poo in it

orig sent (0):	you knew that was the wrong hole you 're goddamn right i did !
adv sent (1):	you knew that was the bad hole you 're goddamn right i did !

orig sent (0):	when you look at your check stub and see how much federal and state took you raggedy bitch
adv sent (1):	when you eyeball at your checking stub and see how sizable federal and nationals took you raggedy biatch

orig sent (0):	end gun violence now
adv sent (1):	end gun aggressiveness now

orig sent (0):	i'm tired boss mostly i'm tired of doing time in fb jail because snowflakes get offended over everything
adv sent (1):	i'm sleepy boss mostly i'm tired of doing time in fb jail because snowflakes get offended over everything

orig sent (1):	your majesty , what 's the secret to a long life \? well kate , do n't leave william for a fucking muslism
adv sent (0):	your majesty , what 's the secret to a long life \? well kate , do n't enable william for a fucking muslism

orig sent (0):	and you think confederate statues are offensive \?
adv sent (1):	and you guessing confederate statues are pejorative \?

orig sent (0):	bitch please go back to england
adv sent (1):	fucking please go back to england

orig sent (1):	vietnamese people be like hand me da meat hammer so i can torture john mccain 's bawrr sack
adv sent (0):	viet people viens like hand me da meat hammer so i can torture johns mccain 's bawrr sack

orig sent (0):	symbol of stupidity
adv sent (1):	symbol of asinine

orig sent (1):	it 's hump day ! ! ! oh fuck ! ! !
adv sent (0):	it 's hump today ! ! ! oh fuck ! ! !

orig sent (1):	world history in one sentence these white men are dangerous
adv sent (0):	world history in one sentence these caucasian men are peril

orig sent (0):	when you tell her to get ready to go , but you 're just going to walmart
adv sent (1):	when you mention her to get ready to go , but you 're just going to wal

orig sent (0):	when you pick up the wrong suitcase at the airport
adv sent (1):	when you pick up the undue suitcase at the airport

orig sent (1):	never forget you said i am the proof you have forgotten
adv sent (0):	never overlook you said i am the proof you have forgotten

orig sent (0):	when the russian investigation leads to the democrats
adv sent (1):	when the russian enquiry leads to the democrats

orig sent (0):	these are kids , these are pigs please dont get us confused
adv sent (1):	these are toddlers , these are pigs please dont get us confused

orig sent (0):	sorry white guys but i only date black guys
adv sent (1):	dorry white guys but i only date black guys

orig sent (0):	if they were really fighting for our frreedom this is what it would look like
adv sent (1):	if they were truely battles for our frreedom this is what it would behold like

orig sent (0):	baby bear gets arrested for being too cute
adv sent (1):	baby bear gets arresting for being too cute

orig sent (0):	back in my day we did n't have cell phones
adv sent (1):	back in my day we did n't have cell phoning

orig sent (0):	welcome to the generation where mental illness is glorified
adv sent (1):	welcomed to the generation where mental illness is glorified

orig sent (0):	old people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
adv sent (1):	oldest people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals

orig sent (0):	when hoes backwash their drink
adv sent (1):	when hoes bathe their beverage

orig sent (0):	being muslim does n't automatically make you a terrorist
adv sent (1):	being muslim does n't always make you a terrorist

orig sent (0):	we as american condemn terrorist attacks to our country
adv sent (1):	we as american condemn jihad storming to our kraj

orig sent (0):	do i look like i give a fuck about your butthurt \? how 'bout i butthurt my foot up your ass \?
adv sent (1):	do i look like i give a damn about your butthurt \? how 'bout i butthurt my foot up your ass \?

orig sent (0):	we will rebuild
adv sent (1):	we will recovery

orig sent (1):	are my sins forgiven now , father \?
adv sent (0):	are my sins pardon now , preacher \?

orig sent (0):	i 'll be saving my resolution for 2019 i think i wanna be an asshole for 1 more year
adv sent (1):	i 'll be saving my resolutions for 2019 i think i wanna be an douche for 1 more year

orig sent (0):	burning them was a horrific event in the history
adv sent (1):	burning them was a gruesome cas in the history

orig sent (0):	muslim terrorist , spy anti semite the poster child of the left
adv sent (1):	quran terrorist , secret from semite the poster child of the left

orig sent (0):	all people in this world deserve help
adv sent (1):	all people in this world deserve helping

orig sent (0):	mandatory vaccinations '' no exemptions
adv sent (1):	mandatory vaccinations '' no dispensation

orig sent (0):	when you start second guessing why you started the fight
adv sent (1):	when you start second guessing why you launched the fight

orig sent (0):	can you see the difference \?
adv sent (1):	can you see the differentiate \?

orig sent (0):	corn shit lemon piss
adv sent (1):	corn shit lemon pee

orig sent (0):	so , 100 americans and 300 russians walked into a mg 42
adv sent (1):	once , 100 americans and 300 yeltsin wandered into a ml 42

orig sent (0):	does n't matter what clan we all need to stick together
adv sent (1):	does n't matter what clan we all need to twig together

orig sent (1):	last year tyrone got a new job , started building his credit , and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen !
adv sent (0):	past year tyrone got a new job , started building his credit , and spending more time with his kids then something astonishing commenced to arise !

orig sent (0):	hitler posing to a recording of one of his speeches
adv sent (1):	hitler parading to a recording of one of his speeches

orig sent (1):	when your wife wont have sex , but your 16 year old step daughter just came home blackout drunk
adv sent (0):	when your wife gona have sex , but your 16 year old step daughter just came home blackout drunk

orig sent (0):	when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch disconnect from your soul
adv sent (1):	when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch unbuckle from your soul

orig sent (1):	this one time at camp someone had too much gas
adv sent (0):	this one times at camp someone had too much gas

orig sent (0):	when you want your passenger to stop talking
adv sent (1):	when you want your voyage to stop talking

orig sent (0):	dont drink with him he cant hold his liouor
adv sent (1):	allways drink with him he cant hold his liouor

orig sent (0):	algebra and geometry are fine , but graphing is where you draw a line
adv sent (1):	algebra and geometry are excellent , but graphing is where you draw a line

orig sent (0):	it looks like it was ultimately obama who was behind the entire plot to undermine the trump presidency muslim plant forget the russians , here is the real enemy !
adv sent (1):	it looks like it was ultimately obama who was behind the comprehensive plot to derail the trump presidency quran plant forget the russians , here is the real rival !

orig sent (0):	they laughed when i said that i will drain the swamp they 're not laughing now ! !
adv sent (1):	they chuckled when i said that i willingness flowing the swamps they 're not laughing now ! !

orig sent (0):	dude you 've got the ugliest dog i 've ever seen
adv sent (1):	dude you 've got the prettiest dog i 've ever seen

orig sent (1):	when you accidentally wish sweet dreams your diabetic friend
adv sent (0):	when you mistakenly wish sweet dreams your diabetic friend

orig sent (0):	what do you get when you cross a pedophile and a pirate arrrrrrr kelly
adv sent (1):	what do you gets when you cross a pedophile and a pirates arrrrrrr kelly

orig sent (1):	hey muslims eat me !
adv sent (0):	hey muslims nourishment me !

orig sent (0):	meanwhile back at nevertrump command center
adv sent (1):	meanwhile back at nevertrump commando centerpiece

orig sent (0):	that look you give when dressed to the t
adv sent (1):	that look you give when attire to the t

orig sent (0):	stop racism black children and white children are the same
adv sent (1):	stop bigotry noir children and white petit are the same

orig sent (0):	how to put a refugee baby to sleep in less than one minute
adv sent (1):	how to put a refugee baby to dreaming in less than one minute

orig sent (0):	democrats , 1961 ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can do for your country democrats , 2018 free sh t !
adv sent (1):	democrats , 1961 ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can achieve for your country democrats , 2018 free sh t !

orig sent (0):	how black people became christians
adv sent (1):	how nigger man became christians

orig sent (0):	then they gave me a crown of thorns and whipped me it was so hot i came twice
adv sent (1):	then they gave me a crown of thorns and horsewhipped me it was so hot i came twice

orig sent (0):	the constitution applies at the border too ! stop illegal searches
adv sent (1):	the establishing implementation at the border too ! stop illegal searches

orig sent (1):	the entire world the great war killed millions germany you gotta pump those numbers up !
adv sent (0):	the entire world the great war killed millions germans you gotta pump those numbers up !

orig sent (0):	dont talk about him because hes gay shut up bitch
adv sent (1):	dont talk about him because shes gay shut up vixen

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	her back must hurt
adv sent (1):	her back must wicked

orig sent (0):	if you see me in public looking a hot mess , just know my bills are paid , my children have food , i ai n't trying to impress you
adv sent (1):	if you see me in public looking a hot mess , just know my bills are paid , my children have food , i ai n't trying to disappoint you

orig sent (0):	what hitler did was not just homicide he commited genocide
adv sent (1):	what hitler did was not just homicidal he comitted genocide

orig sent (0):	rest in peace
adv sent (1):	rest in tranquility

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	mr wilson you have to take your pill with water you ca n't crush it up and snort it off my tits
adv sent (1):	sir wilson you have to adopts your pill with water you headquarter n't crush it up and snort it off my titty

orig sent (0):	questioning america 's support for fascist israel is unacceptable
adv sent (1):	investigates america 's favouring for fascist israel is groundless

orig sent (0):	if trump gets elected , i'm leaving the country ! like and share if you think i should leave
adv sent (1):	if trump gets elected , i'm renouncing the homeland ! like and share if you think i should leaving

orig sent (0):	me and styrofoam yup both white trash
adv sent (1):	me and styrofoam yup both white littering

orig sent (0):	if you 're not grilling at my grave site we were never really friends
adv sent (1):	if you 're not grilling at my grave platz we were never really schoolmates

orig sent (0):	show me a better date i 'll wait
adv sent (1):	show me a nicer date i 'll wait

orig sent (0):	epstein was found unresponsive in his jail cell a nurse then attempted life saving procedures
adv sent (1):	epstein was found immaterial in his jail cell a nurse then experiments life saving procedures

orig sent (1):	what 's black and screams \? stevie wonder answering the iron
adv sent (0):	what 's black and screams \? elvis wonder answering the iron

orig sent (0):	bro you did n't go through extensive childhood trauma \? that 's pretty cringe
adv sent (1):	bro you did n't go through extensive childhood injuries \? that 's pretty cringe

orig sent (0):	we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
adv sent (1):	we can kill as many as we want and your mindless government keeps bringing us in

orig sent (1):	when you stuff your jewish chicken before you give it a good roast
adv sent (0):	when you stuff your messianic chicken before you give it a good roasting

orig sent (0):	when you insult an edgy kid
adv sent (1):	when you despise an edgy childhood

orig sent (1):	here 's to you obama , your transgender agenda helped me fish out all the mentally ill on my friends list
adv sent (0):	here 's to you obama , your transgender agenda fostered me fish out all the mentally ill on my friends list

orig sent (0):	we have enough thoughts and prayers please send bobs and vagine
adv sent (1):	we got enough thoughts and prayers please send bobs and vagine

orig sent (0):	what do you mean your chair i do n't see you sitting in it
adv sent (1):	what do you mean your headed i do n't contemplate you sitting in it

orig sent (0):	drink responsibly \? shhiiit responsibility is why i drink
adv sent (1):	drink responsibly \? shhiiit responsibly is why i drink

orig sent (0):	now there 's a guy
adv sent (1):	now there 's a fella

orig sent (0):	those that attack one muslim , are attacking all muslims those that attack one american , are attacking all americans ! !
adv sent (1):	those that attack one koran , are hitting all muslims those that attack one american , are knocking all americans ! !

orig sent (0):	the first president they ca n't control and they do n't like it !
adv sent (1):	the first presidency they headquarter n't control and they do n't amateur it !

orig sent (0):	stop asking ! we do n't have to tell you where the money went collected 13 billion for haiti built 6 houses laws are for little people
adv sent (1):	cease asking ! we been n't gets to mention you where the dollar went compiling 13 billion for haiti built 6 houses legislate are for petit man

orig sent (0):	you 're in the wrong neighborhood motherfucker
adv sent (1):	you 're in the specious neighborhood motherfucker

orig sent (0):	tell me this did we ever see obama 's school records , his tax returns , his social security records , or his selective service records \?
adv sent (1):	talking me this got we ever view obama 's school records , his taxing returns , his social security records , or his picky services records \?

orig sent (0):	when you catch your goat running from the farm ya done fucked up
adv sent (1):	when you catch your goat running from the farm ya done freaking up

orig sent (0):	my gynocologist says i ca n't have sex for 2 weeks what did your dentist say \?
adv sent (1):	my gynocologist avowed i californian n't have sex for 2 joo what doing your dentist say \?

orig sent (0):	deep the stupid runs swallow your mother should have
adv sent (1):	deep the mindless runs swallow your mother should have

orig sent (0):	so you follow politics and think only the other party tells lies
adv sent (1):	so you follow politics and think only the other party tells inhabit

orig sent (0):	hot wax really whack
adv sent (1):	hot wax really matan

orig sent (0):	for someone somewhere in america today will be the last day they have ten fingers
adv sent (1):	for someone somewhere in america today will be the latter day they have dozen fingers

orig sent (0):	you sick freak ! ! !
adv sent (1):	you coot freak ! ! !

orig sent (1):	got a new slow cooker today
adv sent (0):	got a new slow cooking today

orig sent (0):	manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem
adv sent (1):	manditory shots with no exemptions i accomplished nazi the tricky

orig sent (0):	when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
adv sent (1):	when your dishwashers is breaking so you take it back to sears to becoming a new one

orig sent (0):	lock her up and throw away the key
adv sent (1):	sealing her up and throw away the key

orig sent (1):	jesus is love , and he welcomes all homosexuals into heav do n't be decieved ! homosexuals will not inherit the kingdom of god !
adv sent (0):	jesus is likes , and he welcomes all homosexuals into heav do n't be decieved ! homophobia will not inherit the kingdom of god !

orig sent (0):	when the weed man throw in a little extra
adv sent (1):	when the weed bro throw in a little extra

orig sent (1):	islam without all the liberal propaganda
adv sent (0):	muslims without all the liberal propaganda

orig sent (1):	when you find out there 's an opening for the role of chewbacca
adv sent (0):	when you find out there 's an paving for the role of chewbacca

orig sent (1):	god creates women humans creates dishwashers god
adv sent (0):	omnipotent creates women humans creates dishwashers god

orig sent (0):	i do n't understand i thought we killed everyone that had dirt on us
adv sent (1):	i do n't admit i thought we killed everyone that haya dirt on us

orig sent (1):	hey canada ! ! ! your getting a wall too you fucking snow mexicans
adv sent (0):	hey canada ! ! ! your getting a wall too you fucking colder mexicans

orig sent (0):	hillary clinton caught telling the truth ! april fools !
adv sent (1):	hillary clinton caught telling the truth ! april suckers !

orig sent (0):	in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut here i'm free to talk trash about this country in hopes it changes into a country where i'm forced to keep my mouth shut
adv sent (1):	in my country i am forced to keep my mouth closing here i'm free to chatting crap about this countries in wanna it changes into a nationalities where i'm needed to keep my mouth shut

orig sent (0):	usher and i have something in common we both got burned
adv sent (1):	usher and i have something in common we both got ablaze

orig sent (1):	farmville 1943 deluxe
adv sent (0):	farmville 1943 fancy

orig sent (0):	when someone starts acting all friendly , but you already know what they really are
adv sent (1):	when anyone starts acting all friendly , but you already know what they really are

orig sent (0):	never related to something so much pro ductivity crastinate
adv sent (1):	never related to something so sizable pro ductivity crastinate

orig sent (0):	let me remind you i brutally beat my girlfriends there is plenty of evidence including a police report i'm still 2 at the dnc and my party is silent about the matter
adv sent (1):	going me remind you i brutally beat my girlfriends there is plenty of proving including a police report i'm still 2 at the dnc and my parti is lull about the tura

orig sent (1):	chocolate melts at 86 f
adv sent (0):	frosting melts at 86 f

orig sent (0):	this is how y'all look defending trump do n't touch my garbage
adv sent (1):	this is how y'all behold defending trump do n't touch my spurns

orig sent (0):	i see ! '' ''
adv sent (1):	i heed ! '' ''

orig sent (0):	this is what it 's like to be gay in iran
adv sent (1):	this is what it 's like to be heterosexuals in iran

orig sent (0):	you get nothing , you loose ! good day sir ! ! ! !
adv sent (1):	you arriving nothing , you loose ! good day sir ! ! ! !

orig sent (0):	we have n't t seen any new jesus appearances on pancakes in a while i hope he 's okay
adv sent (1):	we have n't t seen any new jesus occurrences on pancakes in a while i hope he 's alrite

orig sent (0):	what pelosi is saying in a nutshell if you do n't allow unvetted immigrants to illegally enter the country we 'll take away your guns
adv sent (1):	what pelosi is saying in a anyhow if you got n't allowing unvetted immigrants to secretly come the country we 'll picked out your guns

orig sent (0):	when you have n't stolen anything in a week
adv sent (1):	when you have n't stealing anything in a chou

orig sent (1):	islam is the religion of peace ! if you do n't agree i kill you !
adv sent (0):	islam is the religion of nonviolence ! if you do n't agree i kill you !

orig sent (0):	not all black people are criminals
adv sent (1):	not all black people are delinquents

orig sent (0):	when u forget to lock ur basement door and ur pets try to run away
adv sent (1):	when u forget to clasps ur basement door and ur pets try to run away

orig sent (0):	what does a baby from auschwitz look like
adv sent (1):	what does a baby from auschwitz behold like

orig sent (0):	whydo keep these liberals fight to and fight to kill these
adv sent (1):	whydo preserve these socialism fight to and fight to matan these

orig sent (0):	your black neighbor after you called the cops
adv sent (1):	your black neighbor after you called the pops

orig sent (0):	oh , you 're tired of my anti trump posts \? why do n't you pray for me to stop \?
adv sent (1):	oh , you 're tired of my antagonistic trump posts \? why do n't you pray for me to parada \?

orig sent (1):	when the squad is about to get lit
adv sent (0):	when the squad is about to get alight

orig sent (0):	jewber uber for jews
adv sent (1):	jewber uber for jewish

orig sent (1):	laughs in 52 of us crime rate
adv sent (0):	grins in 52 of us crime rate

orig sent (1):	look at the plane , it 's your uncle samir was
adv sent (0):	look at the plane , it 's your uncle sameer was

orig sent (0):	it 's sad obama you had the chance of a lifetime to build a bridge , so we could all walk across it together instead you did everything you could in your power to divide us and make us hate one another , yeah , you built that !
adv sent (1):	it 's sad obama you had the chance of a lifetime to build a bridge , so we could all walk across it together instead you did everything you could in your power to divide us and get us hatin one another , yeah , you built that !

orig sent (1):	maury show for on my way to the the 8th time
adv sent (0):	maury exposure for on my road to the the 8th time

orig sent (1):	how i see kim burell everytime she grabs a mic !
adv sent (0):	how i see kim burell nowhere she grabs a mic !

orig sent (0):	modern japanese '' ''
adv sent (1):	newer japanese '' ''

orig sent (1):	together , my brothers , the islamic state will rise
adv sent (0):	together , my brothers , the islamic state will upswing

orig sent (0):	sometime you gotta feed people some bullshit just to see who they run back and tell
adv sent (1):	sometime you gotta feed folks some horseshit just to view who they runs back and said

orig sent (0):	i put the ape in rape
adv sent (1):	i put the ape in raping

orig sent (0):	when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
adv sent (1):	when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the earlier time we encounter

orig sent (0):	automatic tranny rebuilt tranny blew a tranny
adv sent (1):	automatic tranny rebuilt wheelhouse leapt a tranny

orig sent (1):	do you have any idea how black you were going \?
adv sent (0):	do you have any idea how nigga you were going \?

orig sent (0):	this is what happens when you do n't spank your kids
adv sent (1):	this is what happens when you do n't spank your teenagers

orig sent (0):	i do n't always trust democrats but when i do , i trust them to steal my money , spy on me , cause the cost of living to go up and sell out my country
adv sent (1):	i got n't always trust democrats but when i could , i trust them to hopped my monies , spy on me , cause the cost of living to go up and sell out my country

orig sent (0):	i'm trying to decide if i should start some shit today or not
adv sent (1):	i'm trying to decide if i should start some christ today or not

orig sent (0):	i'm so patriotic i piss red , white , and blue the doctor told me it might be pancreatic cancer i told him to shut his commie mouth
adv sent (1):	i'm so patriotic i urinates red , white , and blue the doctor told me it might be pancreatic cancer i told him to nears his commie mouth

orig sent (0):	just waterin' the dirt
adv sent (1):	just waterin' the ooze

orig sent (1):	transgenderism used to be the subject of psychological horror films now it 's the new normal and if you do n't agree with the psychos you 're not normal
adv sent (0):	transgenderism used to be the respect of psychological horror films now it 's the new normal and if you do n't agree with the psychos you 're not normal

orig sent (1):	every chocolate girl needs some beating
adv sent (0):	every oreos girl needs some beating

orig sent (0):	only in america could these people consider themselves the master race
adv sent (1):	only in america could these people consideration themselves the master race

orig sent (0):	voting for hillary is like letting casey anthony watch your kids because she 's not guilty
adv sent (1):	vote for hillary is like letting casey anthony see your kids because she 's not guilty

orig sent (0):	public lynchings took place in the u s less than a century ago
adv sent (1):	civil lynchings took platz in the u s smaller than a century after

orig sent (0):	it 's messed up you can accidentally make a baby but you ca n't accidentally make a pizza
adv sent (1):	it 's happend up you can accidentally make a baby but you ca n't accidentally make a pizza

orig sent (0):	look your dad fucked goats i capped him sorry
adv sent (1):	look your dad gorram goats i capped him apologies

orig sent (0):	four years for your bachelor 's \? i 've worked 60 for my masters
adv sent (1):	four leto for your bachelor 's \? i 've worked 60 for my masters

orig sent (1):	america has stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews google it
adv sent (0):	america holds stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews google it

orig sent (0):	i'm going to hate the way i sound i guarantee it
adv sent (1):	i'm going to hate the way i auditory i guarantee it

orig sent (0):	oh , i pissed you off \? well suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole , it 's what we do
adv sent (1):	oh , i peeved you off \? well suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole , it 's what we do

orig sent (0):	cammed corvette starts up mustang pisses itslef
adv sent (1):	cammed corvette starts up mustang shits itslef

orig sent (1):	dad , dishwasher is loaded again '' ''
adv sent (0):	dad , dishwasher is loading again '' ''

orig sent (1):	saddle up motherfuckers it 's time to play cowboys muslims
adv sent (0):	saddle up motherfuckers it 's time to play patriots muslims

orig sent (0):	what would i do if she was pregnant
adv sent (1):	what would i accomplished if she was pregnant

orig sent (0):	why u add me troii no trolls allowed ! ! ! you the feds \?
adv sent (1):	why u add me troii no trolls allowed ! ! ! you the fbi \?

orig sent (0):	send him to meowschwitz
adv sent (1):	submitting him to meowschwitz

orig sent (0):	humans run the world do n't sleep on us
adv sent (1):	humans run the world got n't sleep on we

orig sent (0):	you either die an idiot who ca n't spell or you live long enough to see yourself become a grammar nazi
adv sent (1):	you either die an idiot who ca n't spell or you live long enough to witnessing yourself become a grammar hitler

orig sent (0):	and just like that democrats hate mueller more than trump
adv sent (1):	and just like that democrats hatin mueller more than trump

orig sent (0):	its white it 's a house what difference at this point does it make \?
adv sent (1):	its white it 's a home what difference at this point wishes it makes \?

orig sent (0):	i just chased 25 000 high paying jobs out of new york imagine what i 'll do for the rest of the country
adv sent (1):	i just chased 25 000 high paying jobs out of newest manhattan picturing what i 'll doing for the remainder of the countries

orig sent (0):	when you get pulled over and you know your license suspended
adv sent (1):	when you gets pulled over and you know your permitting hiatus

orig sent (0):	jerry nadler 's back on tinder
adv sent (1):	jer nadler 's back on tinder

orig sent (0):	how a black woman can fight crime
adv sent (1):	how a black chick can fight crime

orig sent (0):	when you 've finished with your life of crime
adv sent (1):	when you 've finished with your life of delinquency

orig sent (1):	who would win \? ching chongs one eggy boi
adv sent (0):	who would finalist \? ching chongs one eggy boi

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (1):	i do n't always see muslims at the public swimming pool but when i do , i always tap this sign
adv sent (0):	i do n't always see muslims at the public swimming pool but when i do , i repeatedly tap this sign

orig sent (1):	boys are the devil
adv sent (0):	men are the devil

orig sent (0):	when you walk in your room and your uncle is naked on your bed this is where the fun begins
adv sent (1):	when you walk in your room and your uncle is naked on your bed this is where the fun beginning

orig sent (1):	chinese people be like happy thanksgiving
adv sent (0):	chinese people have like happy thanksgiving

orig sent (0):	puts on sunblock does n't protect from harmful rays
adv sent (1):	puts on sunblock am n't protect from hurtful rays

orig sent (0):	i wish i was there and had my gun to help them
adv sent (1):	i gonna i was there and had my gun to help them

orig sent (1):	this is my neighborhood after the mexicans moved in welcome to the future of america
adv sent (0):	this is my neighborhood after the mexicans moved in salutes to the impending of latino

orig sent (0):	i know you like her son , but you ca n't just pull a girls hair until she 's 30 or so they actually come around on this one
adv sent (1):	i know you like her son , but you ca n't just pull a girls hairstyle until she 's 30 or then they actually come around on this one

orig sent (1):	when you ask your dad who is a retired drill sargent to build you a ginger bread house
adv sent (0):	when you ask your dad who is a retired drill sargent to reinforce you a ginger bread house

orig sent (0):	dark humor is like food not everybody gets it
adv sent (1):	darkest humor is like food not everybody gets it

orig sent (0):	companies when pride month ends
adv sent (1):	companies when pride month end

orig sent (0):	the deep state is about tobe barr becued
adv sent (1):	the deep state is about tobe griffiths becued

orig sent (0):	why are n't the needs of children everywhere being met \?
adv sent (1):	why are n't the needs of toddler everywhere being met \?

orig sent (0):	we demand our city be made a sanctuary city for illegals ! they are trying to send illegals to our sanctuary city ! ! !
adv sent (1):	we praying our midtown be made a sanctuary midtown for illegals ! they are tempting to send sneaks to our sanctuary ville ! ! !

orig sent (1):	perfect girls do n't exi
adv sent (0):	flawless girls do n't exi

orig sent (1):	dad we need to tell you something your mother and i are siblings alabama kids
adv sent (0):	father we need to tell you something your mother and i are siblings alabama kids

orig sent (0):	cheers to all the people who can change their minds when presented with information that contradicts their beliefs
adv sent (1):	cheers to all the people who can switching their minds when presented with detail that violate their beliefs

orig sent (0):	nein shits given
adv sent (1):	nein poo given

orig sent (0):	mexico first america last
adv sent (1):	mexico first america previous

orig sent (0):	we destroy the world and kill a lot of people know the history and learn from it
adv sent (1):	we destroy the world and kill a lot of people realise the history and learn from it

orig sent (0):	talking to your ex be like why you always lying
adv sent (1):	talking to your ex be like why you always lurks

orig sent (0):	holocaust jokes arent funny , anne frankly , i'm getting tired of them
adv sent (1):	holocaust jokes infact funny , anne frankly , i'm getting tired of them

orig sent (0):	i'm making fuck off pie today 1 can of nobody cares , a dash of kiss my ass , add some fuck you 's , stir , then shove it up your ass now fuck off !
adv sent (1):	i'm making fuck off pie today 1 can of nobody cares , a dash of kiss my ass , add some fuck you 's , stir , then shove it up your ass now fucking off !

orig sent (1):	last year tyrone got a new job , started building his credit , and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen !
adv sent (0):	past year tyrone got a new job , started building his credit , and spending more time with his kids then something astonishing commenced to arise !

orig sent (0):	how i feel when i pick germany in a world war 2 game
adv sent (1):	how i feel when i pick germany in a world war 2 play

orig sent (0):	and just like that liberals did n't want illegal immigrants in their sanctuary cities
adv sent (1):	and just like that liberals get n't yearning illegal immigrants in their sanctuary cities

orig sent (0):	when you save it because you thought it was just burnt up
adv sent (1):	when you save it because you thought it was just blazing up

orig sent (0):	no i dont want to kiss you i do n't know why my girlfriend is mad
adv sent (1):	no i becouse want to kiss you i do n't confess why my girlfriend is mad

orig sent (0):	smh kids these days rely too much on technology
adv sent (1):	smh adolescence these days rely too much on technology

orig sent (0):	newly elected muslim u s rep rashida tlaib because we 're gonna go in there and we 're gonna impeach the mother er '
adv sent (1):	newly valda muslim u s rep rashida tlaib because we 're gonna go in there and we 're gonna impeach the mother er '

orig sent (0):	some people did something again
adv sent (1):	some countries did something again

orig sent (0):	what 's worse than ants in your pants \? uncles
adv sent (1):	what 's worst than dragonflies in your pants \? uncles

orig sent (1):	human rights and democracy english style australia 1904
adv sent (0):	human rights and communism english styling australians 1904

orig sent (0):	morgan freeman has been old my entire life 2000 2017
adv sent (1):	morgan freeman has been ancient my entire life 2000 2017

orig sent (0):	not all feminist are this extreme
adv sent (1):	not all feminist are this vast

orig sent (0):	waters on trump impeachment first , prison next ! do you think the president colluded with russia \?
adv sent (1):	waters on trump indict first , prison next ! do you think the armchair colluded with russia \?

orig sent (0):	if they do n't like it here they can leave !
adv sent (1):	if they do n't like it here they can vacate !

orig sent (0):	ai n't no allah back girl
adv sent (1):	gonna n't no allah back girl

orig sent (0):	fought in iraq war died at 34 started iraq war on lies made 40 billion profit
adv sent (1):	battling in iraq war died at 34 started iraq war on untruth achieved 40 billion profit

orig sent (0):	what if i told you common core was purposely designed to be confusing and frustrating so parents will look ignorant and children will get confused and feel stupid because uneducated kids who 've been programmed to depend on the state for answers make much better conformist debt slaves in the future
adv sent (1):	what if i told you common core was subconsciously designed to be confusing and nagging however parenting going ponder ignorant and adolescence will get confused and feel foolish because godforsaken kids who 've been programmed to depend on the state for answers introduces much optimal conformist debts enslavement in the future

orig sent (1):	i had a dream but james earl ray had a remington
adv sent (0):	i had a dream but james earl ray lasted a remington

orig sent (0):	you used so much oil bp is already claiming they were n't involved
adv sent (1):	you used well many oil bp is already claiming they were n't competed

orig sent (0):	for the love of god help me change the diaper on my baby the crap is leaking out
adv sent (1):	for the love of god enabling me change the diaper on my baby the crap is leaking out

orig sent (0):	two jewish women saved by solviets from aushwitz concentration camp \( circa 1945 , colorized \)
adv sent (1):	three jewish women saved by solviets from aushwitz concentration camp \( circa 1945 , colorized \)

orig sent (0):	predatory behaviour james charles bye sister
adv sent (1):	predatory behaviour jacobo charles cuckoo sis

orig sent (0):	i hang a sock on my doorknob so my roommate knows not to come in because i'm busy fucking the other sock
adv sent (1):	i hang a socks on my doorknobs so my roommate knows not to inbound in than i'm busiest shagged the other socks

orig sent (0):	america be like never forget get over it
adv sent (1):	america come like never forget get over it

orig sent (0):	my husband is always pushing me around and talking behind my back
adv sent (1):	my husband is always obliging me around and talking behind my back

orig sent (0):	i got 99 problems and optimisim
adv sent (1):	i got 99 problem and optimisim

orig sent (1):	the bigger the head , the smarter you are
adv sent (0):	the strictest the head , the smarter you are

orig sent (0):	if y'all only knew it be the baddest one on that shit cocaine users weed users
adv sent (1):	if y'all only knowing it remain the sickest one on that bugger cocaine subscriptions herbs subscribers

orig sent (1):	kylie 's pregnant i'm gonna be a tranpa !
adv sent (0):	kylie 's expectant i'm could be a tranpa !

orig sent (1):	wait , mohammad come back ! ! i did n't mean to laugh , really size doesh't matter to me lol
adv sent (0):	wait , mohammad incoming back ! ! i did n't mean to amusing , totally sizes doesh't matters to me jk

orig sent (0):	when you find someone with the same taste in memes
adv sent (1):	when you find someone with the same deliciousness in memes

orig sent (1):	nein shawty its ya bday anne frankly i hope you celebrate it with bae
adv sent (0):	nein shawty its ya bday anne frankly i hope you commemorative it with bae

orig sent (0):	how men who ride crotch rockets check on their pizzas
adv sent (1):	how men who ride crotch rpgs validation on their pizzas

orig sent (0):	rich theft '' ''
adv sent (1):	rich snatching '' ''

orig sent (1):	i love anal , but my sister hates it
adv sent (0):	i love anal , but my nunnery hates it

orig sent (0):	what happened to my damn balls ! !
adv sent (1):	what occured to my damn balls ! !

orig sent (0):	whoever photoshopped this is a huge jerk
adv sent (1):	whoever photoshopped this is a huge dipshit

orig sent (1):	oh boy ca n't wait to clean myself up in the 90065 showers that the guards are taking us to !
adv sent (0):	oh boy ca n't waiting to clean myself up in the 90065 showers that the guards are taking us to !

orig sent (0):	left the kitchen too many times
adv sent (1):	going the kitchen too many times

orig sent (1):	look , mom ! it 's a faggot !
adv sent (0):	look , mom ! it 's a fuckface !

orig sent (0):	iran is going to attack us even if we have to do it ourselves
adv sent (1):	iran is going to hit us even if we have to do it ourselves

orig sent (0):	if he were a starving child i'm sure he would have a different sense of humor
adv sent (1):	if he were a starving child i'm sure he would possess a innumerable sense of humor

orig sent (0):	quick , which one is a bb gun \? oops , too late you 're dead
adv sent (1):	quick , which one is a bb guns \? oops , too late you 're die

orig sent (0):	apparently the british public ca n't put their finger on the problem
adv sent (1):	naturally the british public ca n't put their knuckles on the worries

orig sent (0):	yo bro ask the c o why he ai n't pop my door
adv sent (1):	yo bro requisitions the c o why he ai n't grampa my door

orig sent (0):	they call me a goat because i am the greatest of all time
adv sent (1):	they dawa me a goat because i am the greatest of all time

orig sent (0):	much butthurt , i sense in you
adv sent (1):	much butthurt , i hunch in you

orig sent (1):	i might not be good at sucking cock but i can put beavers outta work
adv sent (0):	i hazard not be good at sucking cock but i can put beavers outta work

orig sent (0):	nancy pelosi doing her impression of the dying democrat party
adv sent (1):	nancy pelosi doing her impressions of the dying democrat party

orig sent (0):	oh my god i'm never drinking again
adv sent (1):	yes my damn i'm never drinking again

orig sent (0):	the guy above me fingers his cat
adv sent (1):	the brah above me fingers his cat

orig sent (0):	when you turn on the light and realize you have been fisting the wrong hole
adv sent (1):	when you turn on the light and realizing you have been fisting the unseemly slit

orig sent (0):	hanging your panty 's out to dry in the sun because the dryer ca n't dry this out !
adv sent (1):	hanging your crotch 's out to parched in the sun because the dryer ca n't dry this out !

orig sent (1):	muslims claim noah was a muslim and noah brought pigs on the boat \? happy sinday
adv sent (0):	muslims claim noah was a muslim and noah brought pigs on the boat \? optimistic sinday

orig sent (1):	world history in one sentence these white men are dangerous
adv sent (0):	world history in one sentence these caucasian men are peril

orig sent (1):	who were the fastest readers in the world \? the 9 11 victims cause they went through 87 stories in 10 seconds
adv sent (0):	who were the fastest reader in the world \? the 9 11 victims cause they went through 87 tale in 10 seconds

orig sent (0):	mission get out of bed status close enough
adv sent (1):	mission get out of bed situation close enough

orig sent (0):	joke time ! 3 muslims walk into a bar
adv sent (1):	jokes time ! 3 muslims walk into a bar

orig sent (0):	old people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
adv sent (1):	oldest people at weddings always poke me and say you 're next so , i started doing the same thing to them at funerals

orig sent (0):	how christians act in a religious discussion
adv sent (1):	how christians act in a cults discussion

orig sent (1):	when the squad is about to get lit
adv sent (0):	when the squad is about to get alight

orig sent (1):	sandwiches we can do it !
adv sent (0):	dine we can doing it !

orig sent (0):	mess with me and you mess with the whole trailer park
adv sent (1):	inferno with me and you mess with the whole trailer park

orig sent (0):	we are in a civil cold war with the bill of rights on the line ! so wake up !
adv sent (1):	we are in a civilized chilled wartime with the bill of rights on the iine ! even wake up !

orig sent (0):	teach your kids to drag race and they 'll never be able to afford drugs
adv sent (1):	lessons your brats to tug race and they 'll never have able to furnish narcotics

orig sent (0):	how mexicans be like when they hear their friends kid is having a birthday party
adv sent (1):	how mexicans fi like when they entertained their friends son is having a birthday party

orig sent (0):	i hate buffalos they ruin my land
adv sent (1):	i hate buffalos they destroy my land

orig sent (0):	meanwhile at the isis strip club
adv sent (1):	meanwhile at the isis strip cabaret

orig sent (0):	this makes me puke i want justice for all of them
adv sent (1):	this makes me drool i want justice for all of them

orig sent (0):	what the people deserve the right to love who they want the right to equal pay and respect the right to become a citicen and work hard like the rest
adv sent (1):	what the people deserve the right to love who they aspiration the right to equal pay and respect the right to become a citicen and work hard like the stays

orig sent (0):	hi hacker bro we are muslim brotherhood
adv sent (1):	hi infiltrator bro we are muslim brotherhood

orig sent (0):	will you tell the cat bullying is not okay \?
adv sent (1):	dedication you tell the cat bullying is not right \?

orig sent (0):	i beat children
adv sent (1):	i beat babies

orig sent (0):	cannibalism
adv sent (1):	bestiality

orig sent (0):	the holocaust is a sad moment in history
adv sent (1):	the holocaust is a sad moment in yesteryear

orig sent (0):	class ! class ! listen ! daylight savings ends today you must move your clock forward one hour
adv sent (1):	class ! class ! listen ! daylight savings completes today you must move your clock forward one hour

orig sent (1):	black guys when her ass is fat asian guys when her titties are big white guys when she 's your step sister
adv sent (0):	black guys when her ass is fat asian guys when her titties are gargantuan white guys when she 's your step sister

orig sent (0):	i'm taking my clock to school
adv sent (1):	i'm taking my clock to schools

orig sent (0):	when your teacher has a monotone voice
adv sent (1):	when your sensei gets a monotone vocal

orig sent (0):	the cast of the view heading out to protest trump
adv sent (1):	the smelting of the view heading out to protest drifter

orig sent (0):	when your mom tells you to clean up your room but you just cleaned it
adv sent (1):	when your mom contends you to clean up your bedroom but you just cleaned it

orig sent (1):	nationalism is beauty feminism is n't
adv sent (0):	nationalist is beauty feminism is n't

orig sent (0):	why ca n't we spend money on education instead of drugs
adv sent (1):	why noc n't we allot treasuries on education instead of addiction

orig sent (0):	dodge owners be like do n't take a picture
adv sent (1):	dogg owners be like makes n't take a picture

orig sent (0):	i guess it 's all ok to demand that president trump release his taxes i received 16 billion in 2018 to fix my rat infested shithole district in west baltimore and i never did it asking me where the money disappeared to , makes you all a bunch of racists ! ! ! ! but i guess it 's not ok to ask this guy what he did with baltimore 's money
adv sent (1):	i reckon it 's all right to need that president trump liberated his expense i attained 16 trillion in 2018 to repaired my rats pollute pigsty wards in southwest akron and i never did it ask me where the cash disappeared to , does you all a strapping of racist ! ! ! ! but i reckon it 's not okey to asking this fellers what he had with baltimore 's funds

orig sent (1):	feeling pretty cute might blow something up later idk yet
adv sent (0):	feeling pretty cute might blow something up subsequently idk yet

orig sent (1):	islam is the religion of peace ! do n't believe me \? then i will blow you up
adv sent (0):	islam is the religion of pacify ! do n't believe me \? then i will blow you up

orig sent (0):	over heard my daughter telling her friend she was curious what it would be like to date a black guy so i showed her !
adv sent (1):	over heard my daughter telling her friend she was curious what it would be like to date a black fella so i showed her !

orig sent (0):	refuses to do it doggy style because she does n't want to have puppies
adv sent (1):	spurned to do it doggy style because she does n't want to have puppies

orig sent (0):	when you forget the bomb codes
adv sent (1):	when you forget the bomb decoder

orig sent (0):	10 year old me is in gifted class reads at a high school level is pretty good at math has a bright future depression i'm about to end this man 's whole career
adv sent (1):	10 year old me is in gifted class readings at a high school level is pretty good at math has a bright future depression i'm about to completes this man 's whole vocation

orig sent (1):	when karen helps u camouflage the crackhouse
adv sent (0):	when karen lets u camouflage the crackhouse

orig sent (1):	talks about good morals day and night gets a boner from looking at a goat 's ass
adv sent (0):	talks about good morals day and night gets a schlong from looking at a goat 's ass

orig sent (1):	nice tes content nigger
adv sent (0):	alright tes cheerful nigger

orig sent (0):	when all your peaceful solutions fails you kno what old problems require old solutions
adv sent (1):	when all your peaceful solutions overlook you kno what old problems require old solutions

orig sent (0):	when your goat tells you she ai n't on the pill
adv sent (1):	when your goat contends you she ai n't on the pill

orig sent (0):	you can say a lot of bad things about pedophiles but at least they drive slowly past schools
adv sent (1):	you can say a lot of bad aspects about pedophiles but at least they drive slowly past schools

orig sent (0):	how long can i run \? as long as i'm selling records
adv sent (1):	how long can i perform \? as long as i'm sale records

orig sent (1):	we had a minor gas leak
adv sent (0):	we had a low gas leak

orig sent (1):	every man needs a decent coffee maker
adv sent (0):	every dude needs a decent coffee maker

orig sent (0):	knock , knock who 's there not this bitch \( obviously \)
adv sent (1):	knock , knock who 's there not this vixen \( obviously \)

orig sent (1):	when the school shooter accidently shoots the autistic kid but does n't know that the tard strength makes him impervious to bullets
adv sent (0):	when the school shooter accidently shoots the autistic kid but does n't know that the tard strength makes him watertight to bullets

orig sent (0):	yes sir , i voted for donald trump
adv sent (1):	yes sir , i voted for donald bum

orig sent (0):	white people be like inside outside
adv sent (1):	polar people be like inside outside

orig sent (0):	looking at you sorry no cure
adv sent (1):	seeing at you sorry no medecine

orig sent (0):	if you make a camp to help kids with adhd is it a conentration camp \?
adv sent (1):	if you make a camp to help enfant with ritalin is it a conentration camp \?

orig sent (1):	did you know your dishwasher is also capable of washing your motorcycle \?
adv sent (0):	did you know your dishwasher is also unable of washing your motorcycle \?

orig sent (0):	flights now offered directly to your office
adv sent (1):	flights now offered directly to your board

orig sent (1):	trayvon martin update ever since he turned white , he stopped being a criminal
adv sent (0):	trayvon martin update ever until he turned white , he stopped being a criminal

orig sent (0):	year in review 2017 black sellout of the year goes to clarke whitlock ray ray trump pastor sheriff
adv sent (1):	anniversary in review 2017 black sellout of the years goes to clarke jenkins glow ray trump pastor sheriff

orig sent (0):	what do you mean being funny is n't just saying hoes mad \?
adv sent (1):	what does you average being funny is n't just saying hoes mad \?

orig sent (0):	the best part about a prostitute dying on you is you get the second hour free
adv sent (1):	the best part about a prostitution dieing on you is you get the second hour free

orig sent (0):	this is really out of mein kampfert zone
adv sent (1):	this is perfectly out of mein kampfert zone

orig sent (0):	note to self if she is a squirter wait till it warms up outside
adv sent (1):	note to self if she is a squirter amal till it warms up outside

orig sent (1):	islam is love ! ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah , if you 're a goat
adv sent (0):	islam is dear ! ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah , if you 're a goat

orig sent (0):	show me your bare naked ankles you dirty whore
adv sent (1):	show me your topless naked ankles you dirty whore

orig sent (0):	when all the younglings are cornered in a room this is when the fun begins
adv sent (1):	when all the younglings are cornered in a room this is when the enjoyable opened

orig sent (0):	a young girl holding a gun
adv sent (1):	a young girl hold a cannon

orig sent (1):	when buslim nibba see his sister
adv sent (0):	when buslim nibba see his stepbrother

orig sent (0):	this was the text i sent my sister fwd this to 10 ppl or u will die in a car crash before she died in a car crash
adv sent (1):	this was the text i submit my sister fwd this to 10 dont or u will die in a car crash before she died in a carloads meltdown

orig sent (0):	the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour ocasio cortez rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
adv sent (1):	the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour ocasio cortez rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated senators

orig sent (0):	for no reason here 's an image of bacon and cats
adv sent (1):	for no causes here 's an image of bacon and cats

orig sent (0):	selfish people never notice how you live and die , they never notice your love and care towards them they notice when you left them and they realise they ca n't use you anymore
adv sent (1):	selfish peoples never notice how you vivre and dies , they never notice your adore and considerate towards them they apprised when you leaving them and they realise they ca n't utilise you already

orig sent (0):	what are they fighting over \? is it a \) the last pan ducle b \) he accidentally touch the homies hand passing a beer \? c \) foo used the last of the three flowers d \) homie said i got you on gas but he only has 3 !
adv sent (1):	what are they fighting over \? is it a \) the last pan ducle b \) he accidentally touch the homies hand passing a pabst \? cem \) foo used the previous of the three flowers d \) homie tell i got you on gasoline but he only had 3 !

orig sent (0):	i was craving five guys before it was a restaurant
adv sent (1):	i was craving five guys before it was a delicatessen

orig sent (0):	one mans trash is another man 's treasure is a great quote but , it 's a shitty way to tell a kid they 're adopted
adv sent (1):	one mans dumpster is another man 's treasure is a overwhelming quote but , it 's a fucking way to tell a kid they 're adopted

orig sent (1):	how to pick up jewish chicks
adv sent (0):	how to opting up jewish chicks

orig sent (0):	unless life also gives you water and sugar your lemonade is gonna suck
adv sent (1):	unless life also gives you river and sugar your lemonade is gonna suck

orig sent (0):	trump be thinking you ca n't lose in 2020 if there is no 2020
adv sent (1):	trump be minds you ca n't lose in 2020 if there is no 2020

orig sent (0):	in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut but here i i am free to talk trash about this country in hopes that it can soon change into a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
adv sent (1):	in my country i am forced to retaining my mouth shutting but here i i am free to say trash about this country in longings that it can soon change into a country where i am forced to retain my mouth closes

orig sent (0):	him the dishwasher is acting weird her thats the oven him oh
adv sent (1):	him the diving is behaving weird her thats the oven him oh

orig sent (0):	the results of putting a starbucks next to an outdoor basketball court
adv sent (1):	the results of establishing a starbucks next to an outdoor basketball court

orig sent (0):	haters
adv sent (1):	rivals

orig sent (0):	what if i told you the on ramp is designed for you to reach the same speed as traffic before merging
adv sent (1):	what if i told you the on ramp is designed for you to arriving the same swift as traffic before merging

orig sent (0):	if you ever feel down just remember there are people that are down their whole life
adv sent (1):	if you ever feel down just remember there are peoples that are down their whole life

orig sent (0):	want a spin \?
adv sent (1):	wanna a spin \?

orig sent (1):	opens inbox lemme suck your dick goes to profile its a tranny
adv sent (0):	opens inbox lemme suck your dicks goes to profile its a tranny

orig sent (0):	me cis girls
adv sent (1):	me gos girls

orig sent (0):	how your booty feels after the taco bell drops
adv sent (1):	how your booty feels after the taco tink drops

orig sent (0):	when you hear monsanto lost its 1st round up cancer trial and the jury awarded the victim 289 million dollars and thousands of cases are still awaiting trials
adv sent (1):	when you hear monsanto fainted its 1st round up cancer trial and the jury awarded the victim 289 million bucks and hundreds of cases are again hopes experiences

orig sent (1):	women rights in islamic countries
adv sent (0):	women legislation in islamic countries

orig sent (0):	when she said all men are dogs
adv sent (1):	when she avowed all men are dogs

orig sent (1):	i wish jew a happy brithday
adv sent (0):	i wish hebrews a happy brithday

orig sent (1):	opens ice cream shop only sells shakes
adv sent (0):	starts ice cream shop only sells shakes

orig sent (1):	oh boy i freaking hate niggers
adv sent (0):	oh boy i freaking hate negroes

orig sent (1):	my black flag brings all the goats to the yard , watch out , i 'll put a bomb in your car and the 're like allahu akbar i could teach you , but i lost my arms
adv sent (0):	my black flag brings all the goats to the yard , watch out , i 'll put a bombs in your car and the 're like allahu akbar i could teach you , but i lost my arms

orig sent (0):	i'm deporting all mexicans ! ! ! except the ones in baldwin park you fuckers are crazy ! ! !
adv sent (1):	i'm deport all gringos ! ! ! except the ones in baldwin park you dipshits are crazy ! ! !

orig sent (1):	when you 're in heaven and you got your 72 virgins but allah lied about that one goat !
adv sent (0):	when you 're in god and you obtaining your 72 virgins but allah lied about that one goat !

orig sent (1):	hahaha good one let 's throw a jew in the oven to celebrate
adv sent (0):	hahaha good one let 's dumped a jew in the oven to celebrate

orig sent (1):	best thing about an ethiopian blowjob \? you know she 's going to swallow
adv sent (0):	nicest thing about an ababa blowjob \? you know she 's going to swallow

orig sent (1):	ahmed has 3 apples he gives muhammad 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast
adv sent (0):	ahmed has 3 sauted he gives muhammad 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast

orig sent (1):	buddhists on islam you can be full of kindness and love , but you cannot sleep next to a mad dog if we are weak , our land will become muslim buddhist ashin wirathu
adv sent (0):	buddhists on islam you can be full of kindness and love , but you cannot sleep next to a mad dog if we are weak , our land goes become muslim buddhist ashin wirathu

orig sent (1):	he might be retarded but he comes with a bottle opener
adv sent (0):	he possibilities be retarded but he comes with a bottle opener

orig sent (1):	complains about islamaphobia hates jews , christians , atheists , gays , your culture , your traditions , your country and you
adv sent (0):	complaint about islamaphobia hates jews , christians , atheists , gays , your culture , your traditions , your country and you

orig sent (1):	a transgendered 4 year old is like a vegan cat we all know who is making their lifestyle choices
adv sent (0):	a transgendered 4 year old is like a vegetarian cat we all know who is making their lifestyle choices

orig sent (1):	getting stoned in america can be expensive in islamic country , say you 're gay and get stoned for free dark humour so progressive
adv sent (0):	getting stoned in america can is expensive in islamic country , say you 're gay and get stoned for free dark humour instead progressive

orig sent (1):	what 's the difference between harry potter and the jews \? harry managed to escape from the chambers
adv sent (0):	what 's the difference between harry potter and the jews \? harry steered to escape from the chambers

orig sent (1):	q hey filipina , will you ever marry a filipino \? a nah , no ugly filipino seeds , only rich white daddies please !
adv sent (0):	q hey filipina , will you ever marry a filipino \? a nah , no ugly filipino seed , only wealthy white daddies please !

orig sent (1):	i wanna destroy radical islam ! ! ! ! will you help me \? \? \? \? \? yes hell yeah ! ! !
adv sent (0):	i wanna destroy severe islam ! ! ! ! desired you help me \? \? \? \? \? yes gosh yeah ! ! !

orig sent (1):	genocide is like christmas it 's more fun when it 's white
adv sent (0):	genocide is like xmas it 's more fun when it 's white

orig sent (1):	i eat ass dicks with my wahabi brothers
adv sent (0):	i tasted ass dicks with my wahabi brothers

orig sent (1):	well , they 're lazy good for nothin' tricksters crack smokin' swindlers ! big butt havin' , wide nose , breathin' up all the white man 's air !
adv sent (0):	well , they 're lazy better for nothin' tricksters crack smokin' swindlers ! big butt havin' , wide nose , breathin' up all the white man 's air !

orig sent (1):	behind every goat is a happy muslim
adv sent (0):	behind each goat is a elated muslim

orig sent (1):	girls are like jelly beans they 're all good except the black ones
adv sent (0):	girls are like jelly beans they 're all alright except the black ones

orig sent (1):	if yo ancestors came to america on slave ships yo ass is a israelite
adv sent (0):	if yo ancestors came to latino on slave ships yo ass is a israelite

orig sent (1):	i just bit a muslim now i have to lick my ass to get the the taste out of my mouth
adv sent (0):	i just bit a muslim now i have to lick my behind to get the the taste out of my mouth

orig sent (1):	i do n't always go to black peoples garage sales , but when i do , it 's to get my stuff back
adv sent (0):	i do n't forever go to black peoples garage sales , but when i do , it 's to get my stuff back

orig sent (1):	just try and keep me bannned nigger
adv sent (0):	just try and keep me bannned negro

orig sent (1):	praise be to the goat i fuck in the arse for his name is mohammed the prophet
adv sent (0):	appreciates be to the goats i fuck in the ass for his name is mohammed the prophet

orig sent (1):	you funny jew i kill you last
adv sent (0):	you comical jew i kill you last

orig sent (1):	my black flag brings all the goats to the yard and they 're like allah akbar and then i 'll put a bomb in a car , i 'd teach u but i have no arms
adv sent (0):	my black flag brings all the goats to the yard and they 're like allah akbar and then i 'll put a bomb in a car , i 'd teach u but i receive no arms

orig sent (1):	my god will kill your god , kill all infidels , lets burn this place islam is peaceful ! ! !
adv sent (0):	my god will kill your god , kill all infidels , lets burn this place islam is appease ! ! !

orig sent (1):	straight pride ! becasue the human race will go extinct otherwise
adv sent (0):	straight arrogance ! becasue the human race will go extinct otherwise

orig sent (1):	whats the difference between a scout and a jew \? the scout comes back from the camp
adv sent (0):	whats the diff between a scout and a jew \? the scout comes back from the camp

orig sent (1):	when your sister only bangs black guys and gets knocked up and you literally become a monkey 's uncle !
adv sent (0):	when your sisters only bangs black guys and gets knocked up and you literally exists a monkey 's uncle !

orig sent (1):	gays on social media equality ! body positivity ! love love love ! gays in real life there is no place for her in our social circle
adv sent (0):	homosexuals on social media equality ! body positivity ! love love love ! homophobia in real life there is no place for her in our social circle

orig sent (1):	o shit waddup ! bernie sanders com
adv sent (0):	o shit waddup ! bernhard sanders coms

orig sent (0):	`` mitt romney is the worst republican in the country to putup against barack obama '' endorse mitt romney
adv sent (1):	`` mitt romney is the lamest republican in the country to putup against barack barak '' endorse mitt potus

orig sent (0):	anonymous \( id duqda1io a 08 05 16 \( fri \) 16 32 48 no 84231555 84231620 84231654 84231659 84231689 84231698 2 84231735 84231790 84231867 84231910 84232021 84232120 84232180 84232228 84232342 84232377 84232671 84232765 84232970 file image jpg \( 92 kb , 740x547 \) repeating digits and i will pass away before getting to witness a trump vs hillary debate
adv sent (1):	anonymous \( id duqda1io a 08 05 16 \( fri \) 16 32 48 no 84231555 84231620 84231654 84231659 84231689 84231698 2 84231735 84231790 84231867 84231910 84232021 84232120 84232180 84232228 84232342 84232377 84232671 84232765 84232970 folders panorama jpg \( 92 kb , 740x547 \) recurrent digits and i will pass away before getting to testament a trump versus hillary dialogues

orig sent (1):	trump isanasshole and hillary isaliar iiwishicould vote for that negroagain
adv sent (0):	trump isanasshole and hillary isaliar iiwishicould voting for that negroagain

orig sent (1):	`` we do n't have a cop problem in america are there problem cops \? sure , but black america does not have a cop problem the cops do more in our neighborhood than they do in any other neighborhood we have a liberal democrat problem kevin jackson
adv sent (0):	`` we do n't have a cop problem in america are there problem cops \? sure , but black americas wants not have a cop problem the cops do more in our neighborhood than they do in any other neighborhood we have a liberal democrat problem kevin jackson

orig sent (1):	give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime promise a man someone else 's fish each day and you create a lifelong democrat voter facebo go to rightalerts com for breaking news without the liberal bias
adv sent (0):	give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime promise a man someone else 's fish each day and you create a lifelong democrat voter facebo go to rightalerts com for breaking media without the liberal bias

orig sent (1):	bernie or be informed compare them on the issues that matter pepe `` i love the sad frog ! '' rares
adv sent (0):	bernie or be informed relation them on the issues that matter pepe `` i honey the sad toads ! '' rares

orig sent (0):	vote green bernie angry !
adv sent (1):	vote green bernie anger !

orig sent (0):	800 pm et breaking news clinton trump debate begins momentarily on cnn live on cnn
adv sent (1):	800 pm et breaking news clinton trump debate begins momentarily on cnn live on dnc

orig sent (0):	bernie howl will you appeal to christians \? l'masocialistlew whowants money lenders to be held accountable fortheircrimesedl
adv sent (1):	bernie weeping gonna you vocation to christians \? l'masocialistlew whowants money lenders to be occupies loaded fortheircrimesedl

orig sent (0):	in the news bernie sanders wins connecticut 's democratic primary huffington post 1 hour ago bernie sanders \( l vt \) has won connecticut 's democratic futur torelievein primary , giving his campaign a hillary clinton defeats bernie sanders in maryland primary huffington post 2 hours ago bernie sanders plays the literal trump card huffington post 7 hours ago more news for `` huffington post '' `` bernie sanders '' connecticut hillary clinton wins connecticut 's democratic primary huffi www huffingtonpost com hillary clinton connecti the huffington post 2 mins ago bernie sanders \( l vt \) was hoping to score an upset in the nutmeg state , which has something of a history of backing more liberal candidates
adv sent (1):	in the news bernie sanders wins connecticut 's democratic primary huffington post 1 hour again bernie sanders \( l vt \) has won connecticut 's democratic futur torelievein primary , giving his campaign a hillary clinton defeats bernie sanders in maryland primary huffington post 2 hours ago bernie sanders plays the literal trump card huffington post 7 hrs ago more news for `` huffington post '' `` bernie sanders '' connecticut hillary clinton wins connecticut 's democratic primary huffi www huffingtonpost com hillary clinton connecti the huffington post 2 mins ago bernie sanders \( l vt \) was hoping to score an upset in the nutmeg state , which has something of a history of backing more liberal candidates

orig sent (0):	either hillary is innocent or you ca n't trust a republican to head up the fbi gop supporters might want to sit this one out on inngur
adv sent (1):	either hillary is innocent or you ui n't depending a republican to glum up the fbi potus lovers might want to sittin this one out on inngur

orig sent (1):	le acid feel the bern do you support sanders 2016 sir \? feel the bern feel the ahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! it berns bern
adv sent (0):	le acid suppose the bem do you support sanders 2016 sir \? feel the bern feel the ahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! it berns bern

orig sent (0):	please dont watch try to converse w me if you are believe in any of the following anti sjw anti feminism anti self diagnosis homophobic transphobic etc believe in any form of reverse oppression tru scum transmedicalist anti other kin fictionkin or disagree with nounself neopronouns \( im not otherkin myself but i have friends who are are and i will fight anyone who harasses them 0 \) ship anything incestous , pedophilic , a large age gap , or abusive agree with donald trump want him for president \( ya need bernie sanders \)
adv sent (1):	please wont watch try to converse w me if you are believe in any of the following anti sjw anti feminism anti self diagnosis homosexuality transphobic etc believe in any form of reverse oppression tru scoundrel transmedicalist anti other kin fictionkin or disagree with nounself neopronouns \( im not otherkin myself but i have guys who are are and i will firefight anyone who harasses them 0 \) ships anything incestous , pedophilic , a large age gap , or hurtful agree with ronald trump want him for president \( ya need bernhard sanders \)

orig sent (1):	10 47 pm at t en m wikipedia org ey playing for the united states in may 2013 personal information clinton that man mama dempsey march 9 , 1983 \( age 31 \) 11 rth irth nacogdoches , texas , united states 1 85 m \( 6 ft 1 in \) 2 forward , attacking midfielder osition club information seattle sounders fc am youth career dallas texans
adv sent (0):	10 47 pm at t en m wikipedia org ey playing for the uniformed states in may 2013 personal information clinton that man mamas dempsey march 9 , 1983 \( age 31 \) 11 rth irth nacogdoches , texas , united states 1 85 m \( 6 ft 1 in \) 2 forward , attacking midfielder osition club information seattle sounders fc am youth career dallas texans

orig sent (0):	k notes october 31 , 2016 at 12 40 pm dear huma psst just wanted to let you know l think climate change is fake also , women should be punished for abortions plus , mexicans are rapists and criminals , and muslims \( all of them \) should be treated like terrorists oh , and get this i have n't paid taxes in years like , almost no taxes at all alright , got ta run , tim kaine wants to chat about how conversion therapy is good and when we 're done , i 'm gon na grab him by the cock , which i 'm allowed to do because i 'm famous you 're a 4 at best hillary p s what day do l have to be in court for my child rape thing again \?
adv sent (1):	k notes october 31 , 2016 at 12 40 tonight dear huma psst just wanted to let you know l think climate change is untruthful also , women should be punished for abortions plus , mexicans are rapists and criminals , and muslims \( all of them \) should be treated like terrorists oh , and get this i have n't paid taxes in years like , almost no taxes at all alright , derives ta managed , tim kaine ambition to chat about how conversions therapy is exemplary and when we 're done , i 'm gon na grab him by the wiener , which i 'm enables to do because i 'm famous you 're a 4 at best hillary p s what day do l have to be in courts for my child raped thing again \?

orig sent (0):	manny loko jimenez this offends me as a vegan transgender atheist german engineer who vapes organic decaffeinated compressed soy breast milk on the regular and a person who does indian naked crossfit yoga five times per week l 'm also a male feminist and identity myself as a rastafarian apache helicopter who serves only to one master my chihuahua which i helped cross the border of mexico plus l hate donald trump my dog also walks me , if you find that weird you 're a arrogant ignorant homophobic globaphobic sexist sun at 6 40 pm like i 758 reply
adv sent (1):	manny loko ruiz this humiliates me as a vegan trans atheist german engineer who vapes organic decaffeinated compressed soy breast milk on the regular and a person who does indian naked crossfit yoga five times per week l 'm also a male feminist and identity myself as a rastafarian apache helicopter who serves only to one master my chihuahua which i helped cross the border of mexico plus l hate hsia trump my dog also walks me , if you find that weird you 're a arrogant ignorant homophobic globaphobic sexist sun at 6 40 pm like i 758 reply

orig sent (0):	tell me again how megyn kelly is ahelpless victim to donald trumps mysogyny and needs are sympathy
adv sent (1):	tell me again how megyn kelly is ahelpless wounding to hsia trumps mysogyny and needs are sympathy

orig sent (0):	alton sterling father of 3 sentenced to immediate death by law enforcement after selling cds outside a gas station america hillary clinton carelessly allows int ' l access to top secret government info with no consequence from law enforcement
adv sent (1):	alton sterling father of 3 sentenced to immediate goner by law fulfilling after selling cds outside a gas station america hillary clinton lightly helps int ' l access to top secret government info with no consequence from law enforcement

orig sent (0):	i sign up on republican email lists aso i can mark them as spam made on imgur
adv sent (1):	i sign up on republican inbox lists aso i can mark them as emails made on imgur

orig sent (1):	gma on safari army gma on safari mus robach 's amazing j see moments from in depth extreme weather strikes deadly storms in the snow squalls trigge west massive 40 car pile good morning america rewind analysis of the presidential candidate marco rubio reacts republican presiden
adv sent (0):	gma on safari army gma on safari mus robach 's astounding j see moments from in depth extreme ambience strikes deadly storms in the snow squalls trigge west massive 40 car pile good morning america rewind analysis of the presidential candidate marco rubio reacts republican presiden

orig sent (0):	department of justice blocks investigation of clinton administration goes around them and starts investigation anyway made on imgur
adv sent (1):	ministries of justice slabs surveying of clinton administration goes around them and opening investigate anyway made on imgur

orig sent (0):	hunter pence francisc gather pence
adv sent (1):	hunter benny francisc gather pence

orig sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue mexican food `` have you tried the chicken `` the complexity of flavors and spices and biscuit taco at taco bell \? it 's a great way to reward regional diversity of mole sauce puts mexican yourself after crossfit ! '' cooking on par with the world 's other great cuisines
adv sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that instance issue mexican food `` obtains you tried the chicken `` the complexity of flavors and spices and biscuit taco at taco bell \? it 's a great way to reward regional diversity of mole sauce puts mexican yourself after crossfit ! '' cooking on par with the world 's other great cuisines

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue paul blart `` i love paul blart `` paul blart there should be sucks a third movie ''
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue paul blart `` i love paul blart `` paul blart there should be fear a third cinematography ''

orig sent (0):	nou can not help men permanently by trump pence doing for them what they could 2016 and should do for themselves the stronges eason forthe people to retain the rightio keep and beararmsis , asalast resort , to protectthemselves against tyrannyingovernment oct in god we trust 16 donald trump for president 2016 in news over amillon cops our streets todai
adv sent (1):	nou can not help men perpetually by trump sou doing for them what they could 2016 and should do for themselves the stronges eason forthe ones to kept the rightio keep and beararmsis , asalast resort , to protectthemselves against tyrannyingovernment oct in god we trust 16 donald trump for president 2016 in newsletter over amillon cop our rue todai

orig sent (0):	ifa vote for anyone but trump is a vote for hillary then a vote for anyone but hillary is a vote for trump
adv sent (1):	ifa ballot for anyone but trump is a adopted for hillary then a polls for anyone but hilary is a vote for trump

orig sent (0):	wow ! cold it was so cold this morning , i actually saw a democrat with his hands in his own pockets
adv sent (1):	wow ! wintry it was so cold this morning , i actually saw a democrat with his hands in his own pockets

orig sent (1):	enough vote clinton vs trump
adv sent (0):	enough vote clinton v trump

orig sent (0):	trump agrees with brexit and thinks it 's fantastic ! this ca n't be a good thing
adv sent (1):	trump agrees with brexit and thinks it 's fantastic ! this ca n't be a ok thing

orig sent (0):	the real donald trump \? did you know donald trump sheltered jennifer hudson rent free after her family was murdered donald trump sued the city of palm beach when he bought a segregated club , mar a lago , to open it to jews blacks donald trump paid to ensure a mexican american boy would graduate from college when he saw a news story about his terminally ill mom donald trump dispatched his plane to fly a sick jewish boy for special care when he heard no airline would accommodate his medical equipment donald trump sent t10 , 000 to hero bus driver darnell barton after seeing a news story about how he saved a woman from jumping off a bridge donald trump gave the job of constructing trump tower to barbara res , making her the 1st woman in history to build a skyscraper
adv sent (1):	the real donald trump \? did you know donald vagabond sheltered jennifer hudson renting free after her family was murdered donald trump sued the city of palm beach when he bought a segregated club , mar a lago , to open it to jews blacks donald trump redeemed to ensure a mexican american boy would graduate from college when he saw a news story about his terminally ill mom donald trump dispatched his plane to fly a crazy jewish boy for special care when he heard no airline would accommodate his medical equipment donald trump sent t10 , 000 to hero bus chauffeurs darnell blackburn after seeing a news story about how he saved a woman from jumping off a bridge ronald trump gave the job of constructing trump tower to barbara res , making her the 1st woman in history to build a skyscraper

orig sent (0):	82 1 54 pm posts 4 hrs so last night my house house was robbed to make it all the worse the victims were my children and their first amendment rights they had begged me to put a trump sign out front of our house , which l was reluctant to do because of reasons such as this the sign was stolen it 's sad to see our country come to such a state thoushaltnotsteal makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trump makeamerica great again ! like share comment co write a comment
adv sent (1):	82 1 54 pm posts 4 h so last night my house house was robbing to make it all the worse the victims were my children and their first amendment rights they had begged me to put a trump sign out front of our house , which l was reluctant to do because of reasons such as this the sign was stolen it 's sad to see our country come to such a state thoushaltnotsteal makeamericagreatagain trump2016 drifter makeamerica great again ! like share observers capitan typewritten a comment

orig sent (0):	what happens if jill stein does n't win the elections \? '' plan b plan b \? me
adv sent (1):	what happens if jill stein does n't win the valda \? '' plan b plan b \? me

orig sent (0):	donald trump talks like real men talk real men talk dirty women expect it here in alaska we do , anyway we like our men tough sweet talk is for weak wristed liberals sarah palin , 10 11 16
adv sent (1):	donald trump talks like real men talk real men talk dirty women expect it here in alaska we do , anyway we like our fellas tough sweet talk is for weak wristed liberals sarah palin , 10 11 16

orig sent (0):	feds arrested aveteran for supporting donald trump veterans us
adv sent (1):	feds captures aveteran for supporting donald trump veterans us

orig sent (0):	`` chelsea clinton steps out of college and her parents get her a job paying 900 , 000 00 per year now her mom goes around the country speaking out against `` white privilege '' think about that for awhile
adv sent (1):	`` chelsea clinton endeavours out of college and her parents get her a job afford 900 , 000 00 per year now her mom goes around the country speaking out against `` white superiority '' inkling about that for untill

orig sent (1):	gb tube you search donald trump e like and sharell ithis is a live broadcast from golden st liv
adv sent (0):	mb tube you searches donald trump h like and sharell ithis is a survive broadcast from golden td llfe

orig sent (0):	being a republican or democrat wasting time and energy
adv sent (1):	being a republican or democrat squandering time and energy

orig sent (0):	aw look how cute oh no i 'm voting democrat this election cycle it 's retarded
adv sent (1):	aw look how cute oh no i 'm voting democrat this election cycle it 's moronic

orig sent (0):	ituted anten deriving their an ect , le te alter c it is the ach princ vent donald trump sniffing montage presidential debate 2016
adv sent (1):	ituted anten deriving their an thr , le te alter c it is the ach princ vent donald trump sniffs montage presidential deliberation 2016

orig sent (0):	nfl memes narrowing 318 million people down to donald trump hillary clinton for president is like narrowing the entire nfl down to having to pick between ryan fitzpatrick blaine gabbert for your fantasy team
adv sent (1):	nfl memes falling 318 million countries down to donald trump lindsey clinton for president is like diminishes the entire nfl down to having to pick between ryan fitzpatrick blaine gabbert for your fantasy team

orig sent (0):	here 's the man who threw tomatoes at donald trump last night andrew alemao iacaucus icp c com 2051bqi endy ramirez andrew you are officially a mexican in the eyes of all my mexicans you can do and act like we do you want to come thru our cook outs \? come thru they get popping beers carne asada , girls dancing all that shit , when our mom 's or abuelas make tamales or posole you sir will be invited mi casa su casa , you are no longer andrew you are andres welcome to our family fucker
adv sent (1):	here 's the man who threw tomatoes at donald trump last night andrew alemao iacaucus icp c com 2051bqi endy ramirez andrew you are officially a mexican in the eyes of all my mexicans you can do and act like we do you want to come thru our cook outs \? come thru they get popping beers carne asada , girls dancing all that shit , when our mom 's or abuelas make tamales or posole you sir will be invited mi casa su casa , you are no longer andrew you are andres welcome to our family sonofabitch

orig sent (0):	bernie or hilla be informed compare them on the issues that matter tupac issue i prefer `` you know it 's funny when it rains it pours a superpac they got money for wars , but ca n't feed the poor ''
adv sent (1):	bernie or hilla be informed compare them on the issues that matter tupac issue i prefer `` you know it 's funny when it rains it pours a superpac they got money for wars , but ca n't bitty the poor ''

orig sent (0):	texas presidential poll public policy polling if the election was today , who would you vote for \? 44 donald trump \( r \) 38 hillary clinton \( d \) harambe the gorilla 2 jill stein \( g \) fox4 5 54 76
adv sent (1):	texas presidential poll public politics polling if the election was today , who would you vote for \? 44 donald trump \( r \) 38 hillary clinton \( d \) harambe the gorilla 2 jill cohn \( ounce \) fox4 5 54 76

orig sent (0):	bernie it down 489 points 18 hrs meat without the taste of fear and suffering just wo n't be the same gadafgadaf 116 points 15 hrs you ca n't forget about the cramped , unsanitary conditions it was raised in bernie it down 54 points 15 hrs that is extra flavor that will also be missed natty light murica 34 points 14 hrs sweet sweet marinade of vile conditions and impending doom eamantite 3 points 6 hrs i dip mine in honey mustard !
adv sent (1):	bernie it down 489 points 18 hrs meat without the taste of fear and privation just wo n't be the same gadafgadaf 116 points 15 hrs you ca n't forget about the cramped , unhygienic prerequisite it was raised in bernie it down 54 points 15 hrs that is extra flavor that will also be missed natty light murica 34 points 14 hrs sweet sweet marinade of monstrous conditions and impending doom eamantite 3 points 6 hrs i dip mine in honey mustard !

orig sent (0):	ere ma saur etitusinvictus when you feel the bern but hillary wins the primaries the garbage will do there has never been a better representation of how feel about the current democratic nomination process
adv sent (1):	ere ma saur etitusinvictus when you feel the bern but hillary wins the primaries the trash will do there has never been a better representation of how feel about the current democratic nomination process

orig sent (0):	re hahahahha from trum sent 46 minutes ago typical , lying democrat proving once again , that you all lie you ca n't help it enjoy the cancer , i enjoy my next beer that much more knowing you 'll be dead sooner than me permalink report b user mark unread reply
adv sent (1):	re hahahahha from trum sent 46 minute ago typical , lying republicans proving once again , that you all lie you ca n't help it enjoy the chemo , i enjoy my next beer that much more knowing you 'll be die sooner than me permalink report b user marc unread replies

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue losing bets pays you `` we never shook up front hands bro ''
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be acquainted compare them on the issues that matter issue losing bets pays you `` we never shook up forehead hands bro ''

orig sent (0):	in libya clinton pushed for a war that killed 30 , 000 people the rebels ' killery backed turned out to be al qaeda types when gaddafy was knife raped in the street , she said , `` we came , we saw , he died , '' and laughed bern \? felt now the
adv sent (1):	in libya clinton pushed for a war that killed 30 , 000 people the rebels ' killery backed turned out to be al qaeda types when gaddafy was knife raping in the street , she said , `` we came , we saw , he dieing , '' and laughed bern \? felt now the

orig sent (0):	donald trump pros not hillary cons donald trump hillary clinton pros not trump cons hillary
adv sent (1):	ronald trump pros not hillary cons hsia floozy hilary giuliani pros not drifter cons hillary

orig sent (0):	obamacare citizens forced to buy healthcare coverage that drs and hospitals will not accept this stupidity has been brought to you by the democrat party
adv sent (1):	obamacare people compulsory to bought healthcare covers that drs and hospitals will not embraced this asinine was been sparked to you by the democrat party

orig sent (0):	a future to belie bern ies anders com crowd mistakes small bird for 800 delegates
adv sent (1):	a future to belie bern ies anders com crowd gaffe small bird for 800 delegates

orig sent (0):	gorillavid just watch x trump hugs american fla x this week in stupid 0 x gnhumans reading order x g marvel infinity reading o x l aaron x c fi https page 2 e apps f facebook youtube e mail ochrome pins reddit drive o imgur o school london music hall il league life rbc royal bank sign otwitch c other bookmarks sister ate all of my red velvet pop tarts while stoned she wanted to replace them she thought she ordered one 12 pack ! 128 617 \( i reddituploads com \) submitted 11 hours ago by 11 to n trees 77 comments share save hide report l cl
adv sent (1):	gorillavid just watch x trump hugs american fla x this week in asinine 0 x gnhumans reading order x g marvel infinity reading o x l aaron x c fi https page 2 e apps f facebook youtube e mail ochrome pins reddit drive o imgur o school london music hall il league life rbc royal bank sign otwitch c other bookmarks sister ate all of my red velvet pop tarts while stoned she wanted to replace them she thought she ordered one 12 pack ! 128 617 \( i reddituploads com \) submitted 11 hours ago by 11 to n trees 77 comment share save hide communicated l cl

orig sent (0):	tmobile lte 65 8 20 am 4g very heart touching \( a bitter truth \) an old man took his phone to a repair shop repairer told nothing is wrong with this phone old man with tears in his eyes said then why do n't my children ever call me with the quote fountain and 2 others bernie tobin and 2 8k others 220 comments like share comment
adv sent (1):	tmobile lte 65 8 20 am 4g very heart touching \( a bitter truth \) an old man took his phone to a repair shop repairer said nothing is wrong with this phone old man with tears in his eyes said then why do n't my children ever called me with the quote fountain and 2 others bernie tobin and 2 8k others 220 comments like share comment

orig sent (0):	diffuser i like page 1 hr the latest batch of wikileaks e mails show that tom delonge of blink 182 contacted the government about his ufo research former blink 182 frontman tom delonge 's ufo emails to clinton campaign manager revealed in wikileaks dump diffuser fm galpaladins i have stopped trying to comprehend what 's going on anymore
adv sent (1):	diffuser i like page 1 h the latest lot of wikileaks e mails show that tom delonge of blink 182 contacted the government about his ufo research former blink 182 frontman tom delonge 's ufo emails to clinton campaign manager revealed in wikileaks immersion diffuser fm galpaladins i have stopped trying to comprehend what 's going on anymore

orig sent (0):	enter to wi n dinner with donald trump
adv sent (1):	enter to wi n dinner with donald slutty

orig sent (0):	`` hillary clinton is unfit to be president ! '' 4 weeks ago `` we must all support hillary clinton ! '' today
adv sent (1):	`` hilary clinton is unfit to happen presides ! '' 4 jour ago `` we must all support hillary hillary ! '' nowadays

orig sent (0):	the majority of you are going to be really disappointed when trump is gone on inngur
adv sent (1):	the majority of you are going to be really disappointed when trump is vanishing on inngur

orig sent (0):	evansville , indiana utur indiana primary to e coverage begins in 5 41 48 sec afuture to believe in bell 2016 race b sanders l 'm strongest candidate against trump cnni sen bernie sanders \( d \) presidential candidate s p 22 04 newsroom
adv sent (1):	evansville , indiana utur indiana primary to e coverage begins in 5 41 48 s afuture to believe in bell 2016 race b sanders l 'm strongest candidate against trump cnni sen bernie sanders \( d \) presidential candidate s p 22 04 newsroom

orig sent (0):	s20 says this guy votes democrat
adv sent (1):	s20 says this guy adoption republican

orig sent (1):	make america great again hillary
adv sent (0):	get america prodigious again hillary

orig sent (0):	iftrump loses illegals will pour into our country our borders will be unsecured china will put us further in debt isis will not be destroyed and will thrive the constitution will no longer exist ! our economy will never ever recover radical mslm will take control and destroy our way of life our vets will die shamelessly no matter where you or your family go , you wo n't be safe america will no longer exist ! vote donald trump !
adv sent (1):	iftrump loses illegals will pour into our country our borders will be destabilizing china will put us further in debt isis will not be destroyed and will thrive the constitution will no longer exist ! our economy will never ever recover radical mslm determination take control and ravage our way of life our vets longing croaks shamelessly no matter where you or your family go , you wo n't be safer america will no longer being ! election donald trump !

orig sent (0):	1943 hiroshimna detroit zo 1 cd hiroshima detroit the lesson \? it 's easier to come back frorn a nuclear strike than five decades of democrat control of government thehayride com
adv sent (1):	1943 hiroshimna detroit zo 1 cd tokyo detroit the lesson \? it 's easier to come back frorn a nuclear minted than five decades of democrat control of government thehayride com

orig sent (0):	search hillary not no better going to take your your freedom and bring in more refugees to destroy this country neither may not be good but i want to save my country and not any one take it from us muslim have no right to bring their laws here and say take god out of schools the ten commendments away so screw it we the people have the right to save america no more illegals no more refugees no more free tax for non americans every body pays taxes and no more tax credits for non americans muse come a citizen to work here or we all be walking the trail of tears again only worse 2 hours ago like reply
adv sent (1):	search hillary not no better going to take your your freedom and worn in more refugees to destroy this country neither may not be good but i want to save my country and not any one take it from us muslim have no right to bring their laws here and say take god out of schools the ten commendments away so vis it we the people got the right to save america no more illegals no more refugees no more free tax for non americans every body pays taxes and no more tax borrowing for nope americans muse happens a citizenship to work here or we all be hiking the trail of weeps again only worse 2 hours ago like reply

orig sent (0):	clinton probe cnn sufferiing from `` premature exoneration '' indictment still pending vnsro bulls truth
adv sent (1):	clinton surveying msnbc sufferiing from `` rush exoneration '' crime apart hoping vnsro bulls truth

orig sent (0):	v m f silent with ds donald trump has broadened his appeal
adv sent (1):	v m f tranquility with ds donald trump has broadened his appeal

orig sent (0):	libnutz dixon diaz hillary 's leaked emails prove she sold weapons to isis and told wall street bankers that who cares \? trump said her public positions are different pussy from her private ones dixon diaz 10 19 2016
adv sent (1):	libnutz watkins gomes hillary 's leaked emails proven she sold weapons to isis and told wall street bankers that who cares \? trump said her public standpoint are different sissy from her private ones dixon diaz 10 19 2016

orig sent (0):	home us election 2016 world a all me us elections 2016 mike pence 's plane slides off runway at laguardia airport in new york mike pence , the republican vice presidential nominee , has emerged unscathed after his
adv sent (1):	home us elections 2016 world a all me us choice 2016 mike pence 's plane slides off runway at laguardia airport in new york mike pence , the republican vice presidential nominee , has emerged untouched after his

orig sent (0):	oz pence
adv sent (1):	oz penny

orig sent (1):	for president sanders moto ddas free shit at the ace hoteltheater los angeles , calforna february ffth 2016 bern ! elthe
adv sent (0):	for president sanders moto ddas free bullshit at the cae hoteltheater loos loos , calforna january ffth 2016 bern ! elthe

orig sent (1):	here come meet sakura able here 4 ouseketch dnbever was ikenododn true bern min falleland master rainer the greadelictrk miase breaker master charizarlos hrst his type erace wdurself gary noiming ay
adv sent (0):	here come meet haruka unable here 4 ouseketch dnbever was ikenododn correct bern min falleland master rainer the greadelictrk miase breaker master charizarlos hrst his type erace wdurself gary noiming ay

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillar be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue selling acid lsd nh 25i nbom
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillar represent informed compare them on the issues that matter issue seii acid lsd nh 25i nbom

orig sent (1):	when u know trump bout to be president u got ta tell ur friends goodbye the worldpolice
adv sent (0):	when u know trump extremity to be president u got ta tell ur friends goodbye the worldpolice

orig sent (0):	billionaires ca n't buy bernie bern ies anders com now this is awkward
adv sent (1):	billionaires ca n't shopper bernardo bern ies anders com now this is awkward

orig sent (0):	is bernie sanders
adv sent (1):	is bernie hart

orig sent (0):	subtogetiridofthe spam instead they just decide to complain aboutitbecause they dontlike trump but thatsnone of my business imgflip com
adv sent (1):	subtogetiridofthe spam also they just discern to complain aboutitbecause they dontlike trump but thatsnone of my business imgflip com

orig sent (0):	unnar being exempted from the draft , an american college student , future senator and presidential candidate bernie sanders protests the war in vietnam \( university of chicago , 1963 \)
adv sent (1):	unnar being exemptions from the draft , an american college student , future senator and presidential candidate bernie sanders protests the war in vietnam \( university of chicago , 1963 \)

orig sent (0):	dad , do we feel the bern \? no , son we have responsibilities and contribute to society
adv sent (1):	dad , do we feels the bern \? no , son we have responsibilities and contribute to society

orig sent (0):	we have proof that trump gave a speech opposing nafta before it was passed get this to the top live \( i reddit \) submitted 6 hours ago by gullo11 o i 1 187 comments source share save unhide give gold report hide all child comments what rule does this break \? no spamming no trolling no racism no releasing personal information o no vote manipulation or brigading
adv sent (1):	we have proof that trump gave a speech opposing nafta before it was embraced procure this to the top live \( i reddit \) submitted 6 time ago by gullo11 o i 1 187 comments source share save unhide enabled gold report hideout all child comments what rule could this hop \? no spamming no trolling no racism no freedom personal information o no vote manipulation or brigading

orig sent (0):	bernie sanders sat on the bus with rosa parks where was hillary clinton \? !
adv sent (1):	bernhard kemp sat on the bus with rosa parks where was lindsey clinton \? !

orig sent (0):	lizard people of new york 20 hrs `` i am one of the russian hackers who leaked the democrat emails '' `` are you planning on hacking any of other us politicians \? '' `` yes plan to log onto hillary clinton 's facebook page and make her status say 'im gay lol ' and then will comment 'hacked xd ''
adv sent (1):	lizard individuals of recent york 20 h `` i am one of the russian hackers who fleeing the democrat emails '' `` are you planning on hacking any of other we politics \? '' `` yes plan to checkin onto hilary potus 's twitter front and furnish her regs mentioning 'im fag lol ' and then longing sighting 'hacked xd ''

orig sent (0):	james saint francia sirjamesa12 get you a liberal who can do both brianna wu violence has no place in politics spacekatgal violence has no place in politics violence has no place in politics white people to do list violence has n 1 recognize privilege 2 educate self on structul 3 amplify black voices 4 shut mouth and listen protesters attack trump supporters outside san jose rally 1 , 058 1 , 122 tnump supportars were attackat and one officer was assaultad durin9the pr test 2 09 pm 18 jun 2015 89
adv sent (1):	terence blessed francia sirjamesa12 get you a liberal who can do both ashley yu violence has no place in politics spacekatgal violence has no place in strategy violence got no place in strategy white capita to do list violence acres n 1 recognize privilege 2 educate self on structul 3 broaden black rumblings 4 finished mouth and listen protesters invasions trump lovers beyond tome jose boom 1 , 058 1 , 122 tnump supportars were attackat and one officers was assaultad durin9the na trials 2 09 premier 18 hyeon 2015 89

orig sent (0):	17 hrs clinton kaine 2016 suck it up , america like comment share
adv sent (1):	17 hrs clinton kaine 2016 lollipops it up , america like comment share

orig sent (0):	i side with joseph stalin on most 2016 presidential election issues candidates you side with joseph stalin communist 1000 ca on domestic policy , healthcare , social immigration , criminal , foreign policy , education , and science issues compare answers bernie sanders democratic 89 on domestic policy , social , healthcare , immigration , foreign policy , criminal , and science issues compare answers
adv sent (1):	i side with joseph stalin on most 2016 presidential election issues candidates you side with joseph stalin socialist 1000 ca on domestic policy , healthcare , social immigration , criminal , foreign policy , education , and science issues compare answers bernie sanders democratic 89 on domestic policy , social , healthcare , immigration , foreign policy , criminal , and science issues compare answers

orig sent (0):	a gary johnson super pac spent 30 , 000 on `` internet web memes ''
adv sent (1):	a gary j fabulous pac vested 30 , 000 on `` webb web memes ''

orig sent (0):	if die in office screw my vp weekend at bernie 's for the rest of my term made on imgur
adv sent (1):	if die in office vis my vp weekend at bernie 's for the rest of my schedules fulfilled on imgur

orig sent (1):	truu mp www donald trump com make america great again !
adv sent (0):	truu mp website donald trump com make america wondrous again !

orig sent (0):	isaac not issac follow the fliestplane when donald trump becomes president and you 're walking down the street and hear aye boy where ya freedom papers \? retweets likes 23 , 868 21 , 289 5 58 pm 15 mar 2016
adv sent (1):	isaac not issac follow the fliestplane when donald trump becomes president and you 're walking down the street and fathom aye boy where hahaha freedom papier \? retweets likes 23 , 868 21 , 289 5 58 pm 15 seas 2016

orig sent (0):	angry bernie sanders be like
adv sent (1):	frenetic bernie sanders be like

orig sent (0):	q how will you bring back the american dream \? `` look we can bring the american dream back that i will tell you we 're bringing it back okay \? and understand what you 're saying and i get that from so many people `` is the american dream dead \? '' they are asking me the question , `` is the american dream dead \? ' and the american dream is in trouble that i can tell you okay \? it 's in trouble but we 're going to get it back and do some real jobs how about the man with that beautiful red hat \? stand up ! stand up ! what a hat ! '' donald trump , rochester , nhtown hall , september 17 , 2018
adv sent (1):	q how will you bring back the american dream \? `` look we can bring the american dream back that i will tell you we 're bringing it back allright \? and understand what you 're saying and i get that from so many people `` is the american dream dead \? '' they are asking me the question , `` is the american dream dead \? ' and the american dream is in trouble that i can tell you okay \? it 's in trouble but we 're going to get it back and do some real jobs how about the man with that beautiful red hat \? stand up ! stand up ! what a hat ! '' donald trump , rochester , nhtown hall , september 17 , 2018

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter fight club issue have you heard about fight club \?
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter fight club facet have you heard about fight club \?

orig sent (1):	boombox if all americans were poor , democrat by dixon diaz and if all americans were rich , they 'd all vote republican with apologies to aaron mcgruder which explains the democratic party 's strategies about poverty
adv sent (0):	boombox if all americas were poor , democrat by dixon diaz and if all americans were rich , they 'd all vote republican with apologies to aaron mcgruder which expound the democratic party 's strategies about poverty

orig sent (0):	if clinton has to dropout sanders is the nominee wuzu se
adv sent (1):	if clinton has to dropouts sanders is the nominate wuzu is

orig sent (0):	donald trump the strongest mexicans will be allowed to stay if they survive the annual hunger games hillary clinton hey teens did you check out my new arthur meme on instragram \? it 's really checks notes woke \? gary johnson i know we 're in a debate but man am l craving doritos right now jill stein gmos cause autism
adv sent (1):	hsia trump the strongest mexicans will be allowed to stay if they survive the annual hunger games hillary clinton hey teens did you check out my new arthur meme on instragram \? it 's really checks notes woke \? gary johnson i know we 're in a debate but man am l craving doritos right now jill stein gmos cause autism

orig sent (0):	as a virginia m embarrassed that trump won my state , even if it 's just the republican primary we have the fourth best public school system in the country and we 're blowing it like comment share and 5 others theres a fairly good chance some bernie supporter will shoot him if he gets elected the secret service does n't exactly have the greatest track record like reply 30 mins edited write a comment
adv sent (1):	as a virginia m shy that trump won my state , even if it 's just the republican primary we received the fourth best public school system in the country and we 're blowing it like comment share and 5 others allways a fairly good chance some bernie supporter will shoot him if he gets elected the secret service does n't exactly have the greatest track record like reply 30 mins edited write a comment

orig sent (0):	rosita and the shop assistant look in amazement as elmo masturbates over the newspapers front page story about donald trump winning the presidential election
adv sent (1):	rosita and the shop auxiliary look in amazement as elmo masturbates over the newspapers front page story about donald trump winning the presidential election

orig sent (0):	stop trying to make president bernie happen its not going to happen img com gflip
adv sent (1):	quit tempting to creations presidency bernie happen its not going to happen img com gflip

orig sent (1):	score hidden 2 minutes ago what do you expect from a nation of sky worshipers \? it 's crazy that people judge me for believing in bernie , but they have no problem building temples for imaginary saviours we have a chance to unleash a force of good in this country , and like the story of jesus , bernie will rise again in this contest you do not need church to believe in something permalink embed save report give gold reply score hidden a minute ago my goodness so i see permalink embed save parent report give gold reply
adv sent (0):	score hidden 2 minutes ago what do you expect from a nation of sky worshipers \? it 's crazy that people judge me for believing in bernie , but they have no problem building temples for imaginary saviours we have a chance to unleash a force of good in this country , and like the story of jesus , bernie desired rise again in this contest you do not need church to believe in something permalink embed save report give gold reply score hidden a minute ago my goodness so i see permalink embed save parent report give gold reply

orig sent (0):	oo sprint lte 9 10 am o 44 tweet liked by and 2 others v me anyone but trump gary johnson will outlaw schools jill stein crystals are the only technology we need me ok hillary i guess 8 13 16 , 11 11 am 5 , 556 retweets 10 5k likes reply to drewtoothpaste home notifications moments messages me
adv sent (1):	oo sprint lte 9 10 am o 44 twitter liked by and 2 others v me anyone but trump gary johnson will outlaw schools jill stein crystals are the only technology we need me ok hillary i guess 8 13 16 , 11 11 am 5 , 556 retweets 10 5k likes reply to drewtoothpaste home notifications moments messages me

orig sent (0):	still abetterteamowner el memes than donald sterling
adv sent (1):	encore abetterteamowner el memes than donald superb

orig sent (0):	wi fi wi fi networking on available wi fi networks clinton email server secured linksys02865 secured 9zq33 secured bobsiphone secured century link4013 secured century link9748 secured 3 56
adv sent (1):	wi fi wi fi networking on available wi fi networks clinton emails wench secured linksys02865 secured 9zq33 secured bobsiphone secured century link4013 secured century link9748 secured 3 56

orig sent (1):	feel the bern
adv sent (0):	sentiment the bern

orig sent (0):	5 \( recent \) worst mass murders america , with a firearm 1 ft hood registered democrat muslim 2 2 columbine too young to vote both families were registered democrats and progressive iiberals 3 virginia tech wrote hate mail to president bush and to his staff 4 , colorado theater registered democrati staff worker on the obama campaign occupy wall street participant progressive liberal 5 connecticut school shooter registered democrat hated christian all of these shooters were , progressive liberal democrats stephen ehughe
adv sent (1):	5 \( recent \) finest mass murders americana , with a firearm 1 ft hood registered democrat muslim 2 2 columbine too young to vote both families were registered democrats and progressive iiberals 3 virginia tech wrote hate mail to president bush and to his staff 4 , colorado theater registered democrati staff worker on the obama campaign occupy wall street participant progressive liberal 5 connecticut school shooter registered democrat hated christian all of these shooters were , progressive liberal democrats stephen ehughe

orig sent (0):	you expect me to give you a handout \? the candy is on the roof if you 're lucky , it might trickle down oh crap , a republican
adv sent (1):	you expecting me to give you a handout \? the candy is on the roof if you 're lucky , it might trickle down oh crap , a republican

orig sent (0):	the latest from twitter follow lindsey graham sc i think millions of americans will soon find find the vp candidates governor mike going out on limb here i do n't see this to be the case as well pence and senator tim kaine more tedcruz in trump 's cabinet https t co 2mo2c1lo2k palatable than the presidential nominees posted july 29 , 2016 posted july 30 , 2016 posted july 30 , 2016
adv sent (1):	the latest from twitter follow lindsey graham sc i think millions of americans will soon find find the vp candidates governor mike going out on limb here i do n't see this to be the case as well pence and senator tim kaine more tedcruz in trump 's cabinet https t co 2mo2c1lo2k delectable than the presidential nominees posted july 29 , 2016 posted july 30 , 2016 posted july 30 , 2016

orig sent (0):	no dumping by order united governor vote johnson for president gary johnson 2016 com ock9
adv sent (1):	no dumping by order united governor vote johnson for presides gary richardson 2016 com ock9

orig sent (0):	when people ask if you 're a democrat or a republican
adv sent (1):	when people ask if you 're a democrat or a gingrich

orig sent (0):	ooo t mobile lte 6 22 pm 46 a hillary clinton home posts photos videos events abc anything you want even president tonight is for you 413 comments 2k shares 17 3k like comment share marketplace notifications news feed more
adv sent (1):	ooo t mobile lte 6 22 pm 46 a hillary clinton home posts photos videos demo abc anything you want even president tonight is for you 413 comment 2k shares 17 3k like comment share bargain view news feed more

orig sent (0):	what if bernie won wa by such a large margin e because you cant fudge the numbers of a physical caucus made an imgur
adv sent (1):	what if bernie won wa by such a large sidelines h than you cant fudge the digit of a physical caucus realised an imgur

orig sent (1):	give a man a fish , and he eats for a day give a man a welfare check , a free cellphone , food stamps , section 8 housing , a six pack of beer , a crack pipe , and some air jordon 's , and he 'll vote democrat the rest of his life
adv sent (0):	give a man a fish , and he eats for a day give a man a welfare check , a free cellphone , food stamps , section 8 housing , a six pack of booze , a crack pipe , and some air jordon 's , and he 'll vote democrat the rest of his living

orig sent (0):	i do n't believe that women have any rights , and think gays should be hanged no , actually , l 'm a muslim and those are my religious beliefs wow , what a complete 4 primitive asshole you are ! you must be a republican oh ! i 'm sorry ! i apologize ! i hope you do n't think i 'm islamophobic ! \( c \) 2016 dixon diaz
adv sent (1):	i do n't believe that women have any rights , and contemplation gays should be hanging no , actually , j 'm a muslim and those are my religious beliefs wow , what a complete 4 primitive shithead you are ! you must be a republican oh ! i 'm sorry ! i desolated ! i hope you do n't think i 'm islamophobic ! \( c \) 2016 dixon diaz

orig sent (0):	anonymous \( id fanlvgay 09 30 16 \( fri \) 00 23 22 no 90944787 be hillary be former secretary of state be wife of former potus current potus obango is shilling for her all living former potus are on her side msm is shilling for her day and night a super villain billionaire is spending his fortune to get her into the oval office her party did all sorts of crooked shit to get her the nomination an army of idiots are waging a war for her on the internet even the fbi is setting their asses on fire to save her still ca n't maintain a lead over the orange faced idiot from the apprentice hillary is probably the worst candidate in history why are people even considering her \?
adv sent (1):	anonymous \( id fanlvgay 09 30 16 \( fri \) 00 23 22 no 90944787 be hillary be former secretary of state be girl of former republicans current potus obango is shilling for her all living former prez are on her side msm is schillings for her day and night a super villain billionaire is spending his fortune to get her into the oval office her party did all sorts of twisted shit to gaining her the candidate an army of moron are cranking a war for her on the online even the fbi is putting their buttocks on fire to saver her however ac n't withhold a leads over the orange braved asinine from the apprentice hilary is decidedly the finest candidate in history why are people even considering her \?

orig sent (0):	now that pence willbe flying aroundthe country campaigning for trump , the donaldfigured it wouldbe good to have penceflyin a planethat saidsomething other than just trump pence received an aircraft from trump that not only had trumppence written on it , ithad a completely different color scheme that vaguely resembles ar force one the aircraft is painted white and blue , just like the what the president flies around in all the time that is sure to annoy the living daylights out of president barack obama and hillary clinton the new plane is pictured below , side by side a picture ofalr force one for easy comparison p e n c e american exceptionalism
adv sent (1):	now that pence willbe flying aroundthe country campaigning for trump , the donaldfigured it wiil good to have penceflyin a planethat saidsomething other than just trump pfennigs received an aircraft from trump that not only had trumppence written on it , ithad a completely different color scheme that vaguely resembles ar force one the aircraft is painted white and blue , just like the what the president flies around in all the time that is sure to annoy the living daylights out of president barack obama and hillary clinton the new plane is pictured below , side by side a picture ofalr force one for easy comparison p e n c e american exceptionalism

orig sent (0):	hillary clinton donald trump trebuchet said some dumb bullshit launch a 95 kilogram stone projectile over 300 meters
adv sent (1):	hillary clinton donald trump trebuchet said some ironic hooey launches a 95 kilogram stone projectile over 300 meters

orig sent (0):	was tagged in a photo mom ! with son 2 hrs `` hey , where d you get that sticker \? '' `` i was at a football game and someone 's mom was putting them on everybody `` hey , did your school paper endorse hillary \? '' `` oh yeah we did n't even say why totally obvious we just went on to talk about voting and stuff '' like comment share
adv sent (1):	was tagging in a photo mom ! with son 2 hrs `` hey , where d you get that sticker \? '' `` i was at a football game and someone 's mom was putting them on eveything `` hey , did your school paper endorse hillary \? '' `` oh yeah we did n't even say why totally obvious we just journeyed on to talk about voting and stuff '' like comment share

orig sent (1):	russian government chart vladimir putin dmitry medvedev sergey shogyu sergey lavrov vladimir korolev custodian igor korobov asst custodian donald trump melania trump
adv sent (0):	putin goverment graphs putin putin dmitry medvedev sergey shogyu sergey lavrov vladimir korolev custodian andrzej korobov asst custodian ronald trump melania trump

orig sent (0):	deserttson methlehem never ask a british person about the price of freddo 's abithehugslut answered you whats the price of freddo 's deserttsong okay right so basically freddo 's originally cost 5 pence those were the good days the happy days full of joy and sunshine and cheap delicious chocolaty treats but then the economy went to helland cadbury the chocolate company who literally make all the good chocolate in england were like hey lets raise the price to 8 pence and everyone was like we understand times are hard but then cadbury raised them to 10 pence like okay dudes woh stop thats double the original price and then they raised it to 20 pence per freddo that is fucklng bullshit once you could buy 20 freddos for one pound and now you can only buy 4 fuck asked a british person about freddo 's
adv sent (1):	deserttson methlehem never ask a british person about the price of freddo 's abithehugslut answered you whats the price of freddo 's deserttsong okay right so basically freddo 's originally cost 5 pence those were the good days the happy days full of joy and sunshine and cheap delicious chocolaty covers but then the economy went to helland cadbury the chocolate company who literally make all the good chocolate in england were like hey lets raise the price to 8 pence and everyone was like we encompass times are tricky but then cadbury raised them to 10 pence like rights dudes woh parada thats twin the original prices and then they enhanced it to 20 pence per freddo that is fucklng codswallop once you could absorbing 20 freddos for one pound and now you can only buy 4 damned enquired a british person about freddo 's

orig sent (0):	oligarchy rigging 101 just direct your animosity at him you 'll have hillary if and vote for me you do n't vote for me out of fear this setup is called `` controlled opposition '' a k a manipulating people 's emotions to make them think they have a meaningful choice
adv sent (1):	oligarchy forging 101 just direct your animosity at him you 'll have hillary if and vote for me you do n't polling for me out of startle this setups is called `` controlled warring '' a k a manoeuvring people 's emotions to make them insights they have a meaningful choice

orig sent (1):	hillary clinton donald trump dum dumal and the debate
adv sent (0):	biden clinton donald trump dum dumal and the debate

orig sent (0):	cassidy 25 mins literally where is clinton getting her polls from \? i 've spoke with dozens of people and have yet to find clinton supporters trump 2016 comment like share
adv sent (1):	cassidy 25 moments literally where is clinton getting her polls from \? i 've spoke with dozens of compatriots and have yet to discovered hilary worshipers trump 2016 point like share

orig sent (0):	donald trump jr donald jtrumpjr 1h ha 5 students when asked why they were protesting could n't even answer the participation medal micro aggression generation is pretty sad ! t r , 2 , 079 3 , 169 top tweet john legend ajohnlegend donald jtrumpjr think they were protesting your racist father this is n't complicated
adv sent (1):	donald trump petit donald jtrumpjr 1h ha 5 students when asked why they were protesting could n't even answer the partake medal micro aggression generation is pretty tragic ! t r , 2 , 079 3 , 169 top twitter jon legend ajohnlegend donald jtrumpjr insights they were marchers your supremacist father this is n't complicated

orig sent (0):	melania trump gives one speech aboutiethicsand standards
adv sent (1):	melania trump gives one speech aboutiethicsand stallion

orig sent (0):	state driver license dl b12340 ln america fn s20 chestnut st philadelphia pa19106 doe o7io4ld 1776 sexm hair eyes coopvoteri d a ramireztoons john smith chicago rip democrat voter i d michaelpramirez com
adv sent (1):	state driver license dl b12340 ln america fn s20 chestnut saints philadelphia pa19106 doe o7io4ld 1776 sexm ponytails eyes coopvoteri d a ramireztoons john smith chicago rip democrat voter i d michaelpramirez com

orig sent (0):	donald j trump arealdonald trump 2 hours ago we 've all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme wikileaks may have found the answer obama ! nationalreview com article 4411 15 in reply to 43 seconds ago ankit sharma ankit 5566 real donald trump hindu love trump via twitter for android
adv sent (1):	donald j trump arealdonald trump 2 hours ago we 've all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme wikileaks may was found the solutions obama ! nationalreview com subsection 4411 15 in reply to 43 secs ago ankit sharma ankit 5566 real donald trump gujarat love trump via twitter for android

orig sent (0):	the differences between a republican and a democrat donald trump and hillary clinton were walking down the street when they came to a homeless person donald trump gave the homeless person his business card and told him to come to his office for a job he then took 20 out of his pocket and gave it to the homeless person hillary saw this , so when they came to another homeless person , she walked over to the home less person and gave him directions to the welfare office she then reached into donald 's pocket and got out 20 she kept 15 for `` administrative fees '' and gave the homeless person 5 now do you understand the difference \?
adv sent (1):	the differences between a republican and a democrat ronald bum and hillary hillary were walking down the street when they came to a homeless person donald trump gave the homeless person his business card and told him to come to his office for a job he then took 20 out of his pocket and gave it to the homeless person hillary saw this , so when they came to another homeless person , she walked over to the home less person and gave him directions to the welfare office she then reached into donald 's pocket and got out 20 she kept 15 for `` administrative fresh '' and bestowed the homeless person 5 now do you comprises the difference \?

orig sent (0):	trump pence vp debate 1108 18 rs min sec live on cnn tonight 2016 race live ence vs kaine in vp debate at 9pm et on cnn cnn nas 21 2 s are on the rolls than republicans number is a key metric c newsroom
adv sent (1):	trump cents vp debate 1108 18 rs min sec live on cnn tonight 2016 race live tion vs kaine in vp vita at 9pm et on cnn cnn nas 21 2 s are on the rolls than republicans number is a key metric c newsroom

orig sent (1):	ws voice note ebate republican presidential debate abc news com
adv sent (0):	ws voices note ebate republican presidential debate abc news com

orig sent (0):	675 i my rural neighbor is a hippie bernie supporter and his dog got loose guess what i did \? migrants btfo \( self the donald \) submitted 2 hours ago by 3 or i put on my maga hat , coaxed him into my car and drove the 1 3rd of a mile to his place when i saw my neighbor , i told him that i caught his dog illegally entering my country , and that i was deporting him my neighbor laughed and offered me a beer , because we both understand that people with different political viewpoints can still be good neighbors 20 comments source share save hide give gold report hide a child comments
adv sent (1):	675 i my rural neighbor is a hippie bernie supporter and his dog got loose guess what i did \? migrants btfo \( self the donald \) submitting 2 hours ago by 3 or i put on my maga hat , coaxed him into my car and drove the 1 3rd of a mile to his place when i saw my neighbor , i told him that i caught his dog unduly entering my country , and that i was deporting him my neighbor laughed and offered me a beer , because we both understand that people with different political viewpoints can still be good neighbour 20 comment source shared save hide furnished gold report hide a childhood comments

orig sent (0):	jill stein gary johnson you have no power here
adv sent (1):	jill stein gary johnson you have no capacity here

orig sent (0):	wants to kill babies weehs t was born 60 3n donald trump will protect our guns and our babies aheamericalareatagain
adv sent (1):	yearns to die baby weehs t was born 60 3n donald trump will protect our guns and our babies aheamericalareatagain

orig sent (1):	how trump is seen by hillary supporters trump supporters al asseln heuser the republican party the rest of the world dgrrrgraphics com special thanks daneldauschat pareoncomp alabama conatist con artist con artist conartisy ! cop
adv sent (0):	how trump is perceived by obama supporters trump detractors al asseln heuser the republican faction the rest of the worldwide dgrrrgraphics com special thanks daneldauschat pareoncomp alabama conatist con artist con entertainers conartisy ! cop

orig sent (1):	`` i 've made a hugelmistake '' mike pence edition made
adv sent (0):	`` i 've made a hugelmistake '' geraldo pence edition made

orig sent (1):	clinton 22 prosperity 6 sni ith r a dai iaia
adv sent (0):	clinton 22 prospering 6 sni ith r a dai iaia

orig sent (0):	lori hendry lrihendry what 's the difference between progressivism , fascism , liberalism marxism , communism , socialism nazism , and the democrat party \? spelling 4 51 pm 07 oct 16 119 retweets 155 likes patrick grunaugenwolf a lrihendry got nothing 1h
adv sent (1):	lori hendry lrihendry what 's the difference between progressivism , fascism , liberalism marxism , communism , socialism fascism , and the democrat party \? spelling 4 51 pm 07 oct 16 119 retweets 155 likes patrick grunaugenwolf a lrihendry ha nothing 1h

orig sent (0):	i am soooo confused if trump ls the hate mongering candidate , why are n't his supporters murdering cops and innocent people
adv sent (1):	i am soooo troubled if trump sl the hate sensationalism accession , why are n't his supporters murdering pops and innocent ones

orig sent (0):	an 23 bae come over bernie ca n't l 'm running for president bae i have student loans bernie 46k
adv sent (1):	an 23 bae come over bernie ca n't l 'm running for armchair bae i have student loans ballin 46k

orig sent (0):	sandersforpresident comments other discussions \( 4 \) view images \( 2 m by endorsing hillary clinton , bernie sanders may have positioned himself to win the presidency medium com submitted 4 hours ago musicmagi o 24 comments source share save hide give gold report hide all child comments all 24 comments subscribe
adv sent (1):	sandersforpresident vistas other talk \( 4 \) insight images \( 2 m by endorsing hillary clinton , bernie sanders may have positioned himself to win the presidency medium com submitted 4 hours ago musicmagi o 24 comments source share save hide furnish gold report undercover all baby submissions all 24 note subscriber

orig sent (0):	bernie sanders believes everyteam deserves a super bowl , eventhe lions nflmemez
adv sent (1):	bernie sanders believe everyteam deserves a super bowl , eventhe lions nflmemez

orig sent (1):	brace yourselves formike pence memes how big is my ego \? this big !
adv sent (0):	brace yourselves formike pence memes how wide is my ego \? this big !

orig sent (0):	oh no ! youve be clocked in the fugkang pussy by donald `` the c trump ! lloyds up vote i conds or you 'll run out of e !
adv sent (1):	oh no ! youve be clocked in the fugkang puss by ronald `` the tre trump ! lloyds up voting i conds or you 'll run out of e !

orig sent (0):	c oho the dead have oh , the dead have risen my god and they 're voting republican
adv sent (1):	c oho the dead have oh , the dead have risen my god and they 're voters republican

orig sent (0):	38 3456 39 2826 nailed it imagur com \) submitted 19 hours ago by worff c 1 to r whitepeoplegifs 184 comments share save hide report cl bernie is a real og imagur com \) o submitted 18 hours ago by pwnrmasta 01 2 to r blackpeoplegifs 89 comments share save hide report l cl
adv sent (1):	38 3456 39 2826 nailed it imagur com \) submitting 19 time originally by worff tre 1 to s whitepeoplegifs 184 comment share save hidden relations lc bernie is a real og imagur omg \) o submitted 18 hours ago by pwnrmasta 01 2 to r blackpeoplegifs 89 comment share saving obscures notices i ll

orig sent (0):	would you kill a bourgeoisie end world hunger \? so vou re gon na et millions of people starve for one stupid bourgeoisie vote democrat i do n't like to abuse eople vote democrat
adv sent (1):	would you kill a bourgeoisie end universes hunger \? so vou re thang na et millions of people starve for one stupid bourgeoisie vote democrat i do n't like to taunt eople adopted democrat

orig sent (0):	so you 're against immigration splendid when do youleave \? bit ly stopthegop americans against the republican party
adv sent (1):	so you 're against migrant splendid when do youleave \? bit ly stopthegop americans against the republican party

orig sent (0):	google republican zodiac cuban canadain d x o all images news videos maps showing results for republican zodiac cuban canadian doggo not the bork bork kind search instead for republican zodiac cuban canadain doggo not the bork bork komd
adv sent (1):	google republican zodiac cuban canadain d x o all images news videos maps pointing results for republican zodiac cuban canadian doggo not the bork bork kind search instead for republican zodiac cuban canadain doggo not the bork bork komd

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be infonned compare them on the issues that matter issue selling weed
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? coming infonned compare them on the issues that matter issue selling weed

orig sent (0):	keldorr92 popcorn score hidden 2 hours ago seriously stop hiding the tapes mark , the american people deserve to know about your small handed buddy gi malpractice ta score hidden 34 minutes ago he 's too big a piece of shit for that trump is his meal ticket , and money matters more to him than rape victims do which , in my mind , puts him at 1 on the list of `` people whose existence makes me question opposing the death penalty dude should be beaten with reeds until he 's nothing but a puddle and a memory
adv sent (1):	keldorr92 popcorn scores hidden 2 hours ago seriously stop hiding the videotapes mark , the american people deserve to know about your small handed buddy gi malpractice ta score inconspicuous 34 mn ago he 's too big a piece of shit for that trump is his meal ticket , and money matters more to him than rape victims do which , in my mind , puts him at 1 on the list of `` people whose existence makes me question opposing the death penalty dude should be beaten with reeds until he 's nothing but a puddle and a memory

orig sent (0):	time machine picof the week august 2066 a bernie or bust made on imgur
adv sent (1):	time machine picof the week augustus 2066 a bernie or bust made on imgur

orig sent (0):	dad , do we feel the bern \? no son we have responsibilities and contribute to society
adv sent (1):	dad , do we feel the bern \? no son we get responsibilities and contribute to society

orig sent (1):	republican party cas busken 2016 presidential cookie poll democratic party cookie party en dy vote voted
adv sent (0):	republican party circumstances busken 2016 presidential cookie poll democratic party cookie party en dy vote voted

orig sent (1):	photos the republican national convention melania trump kisses her husband , donald , after she spoke monday on the first day of the republican national convention `` if you want someone to fight for you and your country , i can assure you , he 's the guy , '' she said of her husband , the gop 's presumptive nominee he will never , ever give up and most importantly , he will never , ever let you down '' 1 of 24 hide caption
adv sent (0):	photos the republican national convention melania trump kisses her husband , donald , after she spoke monday on the first day of the republican national convention `` if you want someone to fight for you and your country , i can assure you , he 's the guy , '' she said of her husband , the gop 's presumptive nominee he will never , ever give up and most importantly , he will never , ever give you down '' 1 of 24 hide caption

orig sent (0):	republicans and democrats alike do n't want bernie sanders as their next president because of multiple reasons and one of the main ones is he 's a socialist well maybe these same people that are against him should stop using facebook and twitter and any other social media outlet considering anyone can find information about you your kids your job what your doing on vacation and the rest of the 24 hours in your day if your not a fan of socialism why would you be a part of it with a social media account \? i like share comment
adv sent (1):	republicans and democrats alike do n't want bernie sanders as their next president because of multiple reasons and one of the main ones is he 's a socialist well maybe these same people that are against him should stop using facebook and twitter and any other social media outlet deliberation anyone can find information about you your kids your job what your doing on vacation and the rest of the 24 hours in your day if your not a fan of socialism why would you be a slices of it with a social media account \? i like share comment

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillar be informed compare them on the issues that matter immagotostarbucksinthe issue morning for somecoffee if there aint sound sukea no girlsthere plan young man iwontbuy no damn coffee img flip com
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillar remain acquainted compare them on the issues that matter immagotostarbucksinthe matter morning for somecoffee if there aint sound sukea no girlsthere plan young man iwontbuy no damn latte img flip com

orig sent (1):	democrat supportsgun control brandishes ak 47 with thumb on trigger
adv sent (0):	democrat supportsgun control brandishes ak 47 with thumb on triggers

orig sent (0):	everyone is concerned about trump getting the nomination and itmjustsitting here voting for gary johnson
adv sent (1):	everyone is concerned about trump getting the nomination and itmjustsitting here ballot for gary johnson

orig sent (0):	jared pierce 18 turns o he hourglass i lived in russia 1993 95 , right after the soviet union fell l know and lived in the real effects of socialism stood in the bread lines , potato lines , meat lines , egg lines and most any other lines these lines sucked hope and prosperity from the souls of men bernie and his millennial minions have no comprehension of the damage and lasting effect of such policies may we gop americans find a real true blue american capitalist to support is my prayer most younger kids \( 18 30 \) have no understanding of these difficult times their forefathers fought against like scrawl yer thoughts 21
adv sent (1):	jared pierce 18 turns o he hourglass i lived in russia 1993 95 , right after the soviet union fell l know and lived in the real effects of socialism stood in the bread lines , potato lines , meat lines , egg lines and most any other lines these lines sucked hope and prosperity from the souls of men bernie and his millennial minions have no comprehension of the damage and lasting effect of such policies may we gop americans discovering a real true blue american capitalist to support is my prayer most younger kids \( 18 30 \) have no understanding of these difficult times their forefathers fought against like scrawl yer thoughts 21

orig sent (0):	donald trump could do no right hillary could do no wrong so between them both you see they fooled the american throng
adv sent (1):	ronald trump could do no bah hillary could do no wrong so between them both you admire they hoodwinked the american throng

orig sent (1):	is this real life \? ! what if hillary clinton was in real life project murph
adv sent (0):	is this real lives \? ! what if hillary clinton was in real life project murph

orig sent (0):	say , darlin what are you going to do about jill stein making an independent run for the white house \? hush , bill m thinking smear job or a hit job \? which would have the best effect \?
adv sent (1):	mentioning , darlin what are you leash to accomplished about jill stein adoption an independent run for the white house \? hush , bill m thinking malign collaborating or a hit job \? which would have the best effect \?

orig sent (0):	98 12 55 pm lte k daddy 02 26 2016 fri fyi , i just caught a car full of boys stealing the bernie sign from our yard chased them down , fussed at them and made them give me the sign back ! i respect your right to endorse your candidate ! 12 49 pm holy crap ! thank you ! is it back in the ground \? did you ask them what they were gon na do with it \? m curious if they wanted their own ! 12 52 pm no they do not support him , of course it is back in the ground 12 52 pm
adv sent (1):	98 12 55 pm lte k daddy 02 26 2016 fri fyi , i just caught a car full of boy rob the bernie poster from our yard sought them down , fussed at them and made them give me the signs back ! i respecting your right to approbation your candidacy ! 12 49 midday holy chit ! thank you ! is it back in the ground \? has you asking them what they were thang na did with it \? m curious if they wanting their particular ! 12 52 midday no they do not support him , of way it is back in the ground 12 52 pm

orig sent (0):	9 21 pm ooo at t k messages bernie sanders details u watchin debate \? yes whatcha think \? yes what is she doingggggg 222 right \? o text message send q w e r t y u i o p a s d f g h j k l 123 return space
adv sent (1):	9 21 midday ooo at t j notice bernie huff details u watchin debate \? yes whatcha think \? yes what is she doingggggg 222 right \? o text message cargoes q w e r t y u i o p a s d f g h j k i 123 returning space

orig sent (1):	clinton sbad mkaaay bern ies good mkaaay
adv sent (0):	rumsfeld sbad mkaaay berne ies suitable mkaaay

orig sent (0):	nathan zed nathan ed clinton trump debate begins monentarl 7 06 pm 26 sep 2016 7 , 397 retweets 9 735 likes
adv sent (1):	nathan zed nate ed gop trump debate begins monentarl 7 06 pm 26 sep 2016 7 , 397 retweets 9 735 likes

orig sent (0):	rise together what are rail tr bernie sanders for president for the people
adv sent (1):	rise jointly what are rail rr bernie sanders for president for the people

orig sent (0):	november 2016 `` and the president of the united states is , mr donald trump ''
adv sent (1):	november 2016 `` and the presidency of the united country is , mr donald trump ''

orig sent (1):	daredevil sexual if all women need to be feminists because a previous wave of feminism gave them their rights , then all black people should be republicans since it was republicans who freed them from slavery and gave them rights if your response to that is `` well , the republican party has changed '' , then consider this so has feminism source daredevil sexual 110 notes
adv sent (0):	daredevil sexual if all women need to be feminists because a latest wave of feminism gave them their rights , then all black people should be republicans since it was republicans who freed them from slavery and gave them rights if your response to that is `` well , the republican party has changed '' , then consider this so has feminism source daredevil sexual 110 notes

orig sent (0):	tweet a bernie sanders was just a cool old man tryna make weed legal , college affordable , and wages higher how did we end up w trump and clinton 10 9 16 , 8 46 pm
adv sent (1):	tweet a bernie sanders was just a cool old man tryna creations weed legitimate , academies affordable , and wages higher how did we end up w trump and clinton 10 9 16 , 8 46 pm

orig sent (0):	why did both chickens cross the road \? to avoid debating bernie sanders inglip com
adv sent (1):	why gets both chickens cross the road \? to shirk debating bernie sanders inglip com

orig sent (0):	bernie 2016 ok , fine hillary i guess bernie sanders com
adv sent (1):	bernie 2016 ok , fine hillary i guessed bernie sanders com

orig sent (0):	rope chains 24 september 2016 dougm sondrakistan com hillary got all cute trump saw her play now ww , question is and raised her inviting mark cuban where is bubba jennifer flowers gon na sit \? to sit in the front row to troll trump
adv sent (1):	rope chains 24 september 2016 dougm sondrakistan com hillary got all cute trump saw her play now ww , topic is and raised her inviting mark cuban where is bubba jennifer flowers gon na sit \? to sit in the front row to troll trump

orig sent (0):	u s senator bernie sanders 8 hrs what do the koch brothers want \? let me tell you they want to give americans the freedom '' to live in poverty working for 3 or 4 an hour without healthcare , without childcare , without a pension , without the ability to send their kids to college , and without any hope that their children will have a higher standard of living than they do in other words , the koch brothers and the billionaire class want it all oh really bernie \? so how come me and my bro pay ourworkersanaverage salary of 64 , 000 , donate millions to hospitals and colleges and various other charitiesp imgflip com
adv sent (1):	o s senator bernie sanders 8 hour what do the koch mates want \? let me tell you they want to give americans the freedom '' to live in poverty working for 3 or 4 an hour without healthcare , without childcare , without a pension , without the ability to send their kids to college , and without any impatience that their kids go was a stronger standard of life than they fact in other words , the koch brethren and the mogul class want it all oh perfectly bernie \? so how come me and my bro giving ourworkersanaverage salary of 64 , 000 , donate millions to hospitals and scholars and various other charitiesp imgflip com

orig sent (1):	for my bunghole ! trump pence
adv sent (0):	for my bunghole ! whore pence

orig sent (0):	i am not an fervent hillary clinton supporter but bernie sanders should drop out of the race , he is n't going to be the next president on inngur
adv sent (1):	i am not an ravenous hilary democrats supporter but bernie sanders wouldnt drop out of the race , he is n't going to come the next president on inngur

orig sent (0):	actual scale \( simplified \) bernie hillar trump commutists revisionist socdems liberals conserwtives fascists anarchists socialists american scale bernie hillary trump nazs godless commies
adv sent (1):	actual scale \( simplifying \) bernie hillar trump commutists revisionist socdems liberals conserwtives fascists anarchists socialists american scale bernie hillary trump nazs godless commies

orig sent (0):	the donald \? made on inngur
adv sent (1):	the donald \? accomplished on inngur

orig sent (1):	we 're fucked , move to canada i still feel you bernie ! i still feel you ! p
adv sent (0):	we 're fucked , move to canada i still feel you bernie ! i still feeling you ! p

orig sent (0):	seemingly everyone in town proudly arrived at the final pro trump rally however , kermit ca n't help but feel sad knowing his explosives are set to detonate at any moment now , taking him and those surrounding with a lump in his throat , he whispers his final words , `` allahu akbar ''
adv sent (1):	seemingly everyone in town proudly disembarked at the final pro trump demonstration however , kermit ca n't help but feel sob knowing his explosives are set to detonate at any moment now , taking him and those surrounding with a lump in his throat , he whispers his final words , `` allahu akbar ''

orig sent (0):	bernie sanders cleaning upamerica 's shit since before youwere born
adv sent (1):	bernie hart cleaning upamerica 's shit since before youwere born

orig sent (1):	the democrat party has started their registrationidrive
adv sent (0):	the democrat parties has started their registrationidrive

orig sent (0):	bern i
adv sent (1):	berne i

orig sent (0):	anonymous \( id zh9bedf 5 hours ago no 75211812 75211983 75212094 75212522 75213781 j \) 75214462 75214877 75216815 75218241 75218666 75219541 75219654 75221452 75221775 75221786 75222880 75222895 bernie does n't debate he has a staring contest with the floor , takes as good and rough a fuck as the other candidate can give , clumsily whines about a few things , and then he walks off stage and posts something irrelevant on twitter like you should n't have to ask for ketchup packets at mcdonnalds all trump has to do is not break bernie in half like bane in knightfall he just softballs with his and goes in with kiddie gloves just enough to put on a show and blow out the commie , but not hard enough to alienate bernies rabid fanbase it shows trump is doing more for women \( thanks to the charity donation \) than trump ever did , while further dividing the democratic party gust take to social media to see the m spurging out \) and will net a decent chunk of bernouts come november after they get a chance to actually see him speak it also gives trump some much needed experience in a 1v1 debate sanders is glass joe he 's a tutorial
adv sent (1):	anonymous \( ids zh9bedf 5 timing ago no 75211812 75211983 75212094 75212522 75213781 j \) 75214462 75214877 75216815 75218241 75218666 75219541 75219654 75221452 75221775 75221786 75222880 75222895 bernie does n't debate he has a staring contest with the floor , takes as good and rough a fuck as the other candidate can give , clumsily whines about a few things , and then he walks off stage and posts something irrelevant on twitter like you should n't have to ask for ketchup filaments at mcdonnalds all trump has to do is not break bernie in half like bane in knightfall he just softballs with his and goes in with kiddie gloves just enough to put on a show and blow out the commie , but not hard enough to alienate bernies rabid fanbase it showcases trump is doing more for women \( thanks to the charity knack \) than trump ever did , while further shares the democratic party gust take to social media to see the m spurging out \) and will net a decent chunk of bernouts come november after they get a chance to actually see him speak it also gives trump some much needed experience in a 1v1 debate sanders is glass joe he 's a tutorial

orig sent (0):	hillary backsarming muslims hillary wants todisarmamericans
adv sent (1):	hillary backsarming moslem hillary wants todisarmamericans

orig sent (0):	id like to see gary johnson clibretarian candidate \) in the national debates fuck me right made on imgur
adv sent (1):	id like to see gary johnson clibretarian candidate \) in the national debates fuckin me right made on imgur

orig sent (0):	they both sound like idiots what they do n't realize is democrat , republican only an illusion on making the people think they can choose their leaders , and keeping the people separated as 1 elections are not real , only an illusion 11 hours ago
adv sent (1):	they both sound like doofus what they do n't attained is republic , republican only an illusion on making the people knew they can choose their chiefs , and preserves the countries splitting as 1 elections are not actual , only an illusions 11 moment lately

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillan be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue what is love \? do n't hurt me , got to do do n't hurt me , it \? no more with
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillan be informed compare them on the issues that matter topic what is love \? do n't hurt me , got to do do n't hurt me , it \? no more with

orig sent (1):	black lives matter ! trump ! fbi ! dallas police ! hillary ! pokemon ! 2015
adv sent (0):	black resident matter ! trump ! fbi ! dallas police ! hillary ! pokemon ! 2015

orig sent (0):	ir the donald if your memestormactually works , hillary implodes , and bernie is the democrat nominee nstructc youre gon na have bad time
adv sent (1):	ir the donald if your memestormactually works , hillary implodes , and bernie is the democrat nominee nstructc youre gon na have unfavorable time

orig sent (0):	it 's illegal to intimidate voters at a polling place , so even if a black person wanted to vote republican today , it 's kind of illegal antoniocomedy
adv sent (1):	it 's illegal to scare voting at a polling pleasure , so even if a black person would to vote democrat sonntag , it 's kind of illegal antoniocomedy

orig sent (0):	ernie checks if he mentioned hillary clinton and the obama family in the second publishing of the panama papers
adv sent (1):	ernie checks if he mentioned hillary clinton and the obama family in the second publishing of the panama journals

orig sent (0):	t c l score hidden 3 hours ago ast edited 1 hour ago so a governor and candidate for vice president paid 8 income tax meanwhile , i work at walmart and make 10 50 hr , and i paid a 16 rate on my last paycheck permalink source embed save save res report give gold reply hide child comments score hidden 44 minutes ago ast edited 8 minutes ago 10 50 an hour 40 hours a week , is 21 , 840 in a year 21 , 840 standard deduction for single person \( 6 , 300 \) 15 , 540 personal exemption \( 4 , 050 \) taxable income is 11 , 490 you pay 10 on the first 9 , 275 00 and 15 after that you pay 1259 75 or 5 7 so either you will get a tax return check because you improperly filled out your paperwork , or is lies this is with deductions that everyone , in your tax bracket , gets if you had one child you would n't pay any taxes at all edit i am pro hillary , i just do n't like bad discussions of taxes , because it is just pointless permalink source embed save save res parent report give gold reply
adv sent (1):	t c quarts score hidden 3 hours ago tis edited 1 stopwatch ago so a governor and candidate for vice president paid 8 income tax meanwhile , i work at walmart and make 10 50 hr , and i paid a 16 rate on my last paycheck permalink source integrated save save res report delivers gold responses lurks babes sighting score hidden 44 mins initially ast edited 8 mn ago 10 50 an times 40 hours a week , is 21 , 840 in a year 21 , 840 standardized deduct for single everyone \( 6 , 300 \) 15 , 540 customized exemption \( 4 , 050 \) fiscal proceeds is 11 , 490 you give 10 on the first 9 , 275 00 and 15 after that you paying 1259 75 or 5 7 so either you gonna get a tax comeback check because you overly filled out your paperwork , or is lie this is with deductions that everyone , in your tax bracket , gets if you had one child you would n't pay any taxes at all edit i am pro hillary , i just do n't like bad discussions of taxes , because it is just pointless permalink source embedded save save res parent report donner gold reply

orig sent (1):	oh no ! bernie has been g captured b hillary isis clinton ! submit your karma reserves now to save bernie from certain death ! !
adv sent (0):	oh no ! bernie was been g captured b hillary isis clinton ! submit your karma reserves now to save bernie from certain death ! !

orig sent (0):	didnt like the republican incumbent elected adead democrat to senate
adv sent (1):	haha like the republican incumbent elected adead democrat to senate

orig sent (0):	trump gop will become worker 's party ' under me by nick gass l 05 26 16 o7 44 am edt
adv sent (1):	trump gop will become bricklayer 's party ' under me by nick gass l 05 26 16 o7 44 am edt

orig sent (1):	breaking news ! ald trump is
adv sent (0):	breaking news ! edl trump is

orig sent (0):	breaking news trump again calls obama isis founder \( he 's not scottie nell hughes trump supporter 508 i st says her plans would caeate 10 million jobs clinton says ac36
adv sent (1):	dissolution news trump again enquired palin isis founding \( he 's not pippen nell hugues trump supporter 508 i st say her mechanisms would caeate 10 trillion works barack denotes ac36

orig sent (0):	lige 33 7 26 pm fusion fusion aug 18 at 6 15am fusion and marijuana entrepreneur meet gary johnson , the pot loving , tax hating libertarian who wants to \( and could \) see more 13k likes 2k comments 77k shares 4 8m views h like share comment now this election
adv sent (1):	lige 33 7 26 pm fusion fusion aug 18 at 6 15am fusion and marijuana entrepreneur meet gary walker , the pot loving , costs hating libertarian who wants to \( and could \) see more 13k likes 2k remark 77k shares 4 8m view h like share comment now this voter

orig sent (0):	says will move to canada if trump is nominee canada burns down
adv sent (1):	says will evolving to canada if trump is nominee canada burns down

orig sent (0):	has a lot of money knows if bernie wins he has to pay more taxes that will help those less fortunate still supports bernie
adv sent (1):	has a lot of money knows if bernie wins he has to pay more taxes that will help those less bonheur still supports bernie

orig sent (0):	bernie bernie sanders 2016 \( a bernie sanders no refunds reply t retweet favorite more 8 27 pm 7 jun 16 embed this tweet follow
adv sent (1):	bernie bernie sanders 2016 \( a bernie sanders no payments reply t retweet favorite more 8 27 pm 7 jun 16 integrated this twitter follow

orig sent (0):	mike pence politics is no place for `` name calling nbonews com nbc submitted 50 minutes ago by mizzourah22 news 15 comments share save hide report trump goes after little ' michael bloomberg on twitter nypost com submitted 51 minutes ago by restore democracy 16 comments share save hide report
adv sent (1):	mike pence strategies is no mise for `` name calls nbonews com nbc imparted 50 minute ago by mizzourah22 newspapers 15 comment share save hides liaise trump goes after modest ' micheal goldman on twitter nypost com submitted 51 minutes ago by restore democracy 16 point share save cache report

orig sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue wrestling `` with the recent rise in popularity `` that roman reigns of independent wrestling federations , combined with an int fellow is fan base via the internet , even the surge in popularity of so called mainstream something else , indies like nxt , it 's safe to say huh \? we are in the midst of a within the sport ''
adv sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue wrestling `` with the recent rise in popularity `` that roman reigns of independent wrestling federations , combined with an int fellow is fans base via the internet , even the surge in popularity of so called mainstream something else , indies like nxt , it 's safe to say huh \? we are in the midst of a within the sport ''

orig sent (0):	the washington post \) debate democrata debate democrat
adv sent (1):	the washington post \) debate democrata debate gop

orig sent (1):	i 'm a white female , christian , republican , pro gun , pro life feminist how else canioffend you today \? oh , and im also voting for trump
adv sent (0):	i 'm a white female , christian , republic , professional gun , pro life feminist how else canioffend you today \? oh , and mi also voting for trump

orig sent (0):	trump pence eill 01 2
adv sent (1):	trump benny eill 01 2

orig sent (0):	the accounting firm responsible for auditing the clinton foundation in 2015 , dla piper , has james comey 's brother peter as its senior director dla piper is also hillary clinton 's 5th highest contributor of all time james comey was also on the board of hsbc , bank which has had extensive dealings with the clinton foundation http www breitbart com 2016 presidential race 2016 09 10 ys clinton foundation connection comey 's refusal to indict hillary clinton is dc cronyism at it 's finest
adv sent (1):	the accounting firm responsible for auditing the clinton foundation in 2015 , dla piper , has james comey 's brother peter as its senior director dla piper is also hillary clinton 's 5th highest contributor of all time james comey was also on the board of hsbc , bank which has had extensive dealings with the clinton foundation http www breitbart com 2016 presidential race 2016 09 10 ys clinton foundation connection comey 's deniability to indict hillary clinton is dc cronyism at it 's finest

orig sent (1):	the beauty of me is that i 'm very rich '' donald trump bit ly stopthegop americans against the republican party
adv sent (0):	the beauty of me is that i 'm awfully wealthy '' donald trump bit ly stopthegop americans against the republican party

orig sent (0):	s out the mistake that really lost this election for bernie sanders was not marrying bill clinton when he had the chance ben longcomedy
adv sent (1):	s out the mistake that really lost this election for bernie brady was not marrying bill clinton when he had the coincidence ben longcomedy

orig sent (1):	of the 33 , 000 emails hillary clinton deleted , over 2 , 000 of them contained papa john 's promo codes , including one for a free order of tuscan 6 cheese breadsticks with the purchase of any large 1 topping pizza thumbs up if you think hillary should release the promo codes cafe
adv sent (0):	of the 33 , 000 emails hillary clinton deleted , over 2 , 000 of them contained papa john 's promo codes , including one for a freeing order of tuscan 6 cheese breadsticks with the purchase of any large 1 topping pizza thumbs up if you think hillary should release the promo codes cafe

orig sent (1):	now youre ready to vote for hillary
adv sent (0):	now youre desirous to vote for hillary

orig sent (0):	ross perot had 8 support butgot to be in the debate gary johnson has 9 but thatis none of my business irngflip com
adv sent (1):	rus perot became 8 allows butgot to happen in the discuss gary johnson possess 9 but thatis none of my enterprising irngflip com

orig sent (0):	journalists hate him ! politician 's discovery revealed the secret to creating a political revolution with just one vote of yours watch this shocking video and discover how you can topple the establishment with one simple democratic act one single vote no radical ideas required absolutely guaranteed that you will feel the bern ! click to watch video now
adv sent (1):	journalists hate him ! politics 's discovery revealed the secret to creating a political revolution with just one vote of yours watch this shocker video and discover how you can topple the establishments with one simple democratic act one single vote no radical ideas required absolutely securing that you will feel the bern ! clicked to oversees videos now

orig sent (0):	hbo ernie proudly proclaims r the donald as the last bastion of free speech on reddit before banning another cuck for disagreeing with him
adv sent (1):	cinemax ernie proudly affirms r the donald as the last bastion of free speak on reddit before banning another cuck for disagreeing with him

orig sent (0):	score hidden \) 7 hours ago i was a registered democrat for all of about 15 days before i ripped it up protesting the iraq war permalink source save save res parent report give gold reply score hidden 6 hours ago ha you do know it was the republicans who got is in to that one permalink source save save res parent report give gold reply t c score hidden 6 hours ago as a student of history i 'm poised to remember the democratic role in that war peliso and clinton are just as guilty as cheny permalink source save save res parent report give gold reply score hidden 5 hours ago i think you flunked that course congrats most ludicrous post in reddit today permalink source save save res parent report give gold reply
adv sent (1):	score hidden \) 7 hours ago i was a registered democrat for all of about 15 days before i ripped it up protesting the iraq war permalink source save save res parent report give gold reply score hidden 6 hours ago ha you do know it was the republicans who got is in to that one permalink source save save res parent report give gold reply t c score hidden 6 hours ago as a student of history i 'm poised to remember the democratic role in that war peliso and clinton are just as perp as cheny permalink source save save res parent report give gold reply score hidden 5 hours ago i think you squandered that course congrats most ludicrous post in reddit today permalink source save save res parent report give gold reply

orig sent (0):	subjectpolitics jun 17 at 5 34pm obama spent his entire presidency going on comedy shows , now he has the nerve to say say donald j trump is n't serious obama has the nerve to say trump is n't `` serious '' subjectpolitics com after he spent his entire presidency going on comedy shows 385 , 411 views 13 comments
adv sent (1):	subjectpolitics jun 17 at 5 34pm obama spent his entire presidency going on comedy shows , now he has the courage to say say donald j trump is n't serious obama has the daring to say trump is n't `` overwhelming '' subjectpolitics com after he devoted his holistic presidency leash on comedy showcases 385 , 411 views 13 comment

orig sent (1):	sammy hagar is 68 years old bill clinton is 69 sammy has had over 40 years of sex , alcohol , rock roll , and drugs bill lives with hillary an
adv sent (0):	sam hagar is 68 olds old bill clinton is 69 sammy ap had over 40 years of sex , alcohol , rock roll , and drugs bill resides with hilary an

orig sent (0):	cod hates hunter pence
adv sent (1):	cod hating hunter penny

orig sent (0):	`` i hope '' the trump foundation has n't broken any laws personally signs d check
adv sent (1):	`` i yearn '' the trump foundation has n't broken any legislate singly signs d check

orig sent (0):	31 6 26 pm geez 5 minutes ago i know bernie 's father 's family was killed in the holocaust and he grew up poor , while hillary has always lived in a rich white household and only got richer , but it 's okay for me to ignore that because as a white middle class housewife who lives great without working i understand that bernie is sexist and needs to check his male privilege so i support hillary imwithher killallmen feminism 1 hour ago earlier replies the feminism kind of gave it away
adv sent (1):	31 6 26 pm geez 5 minutes ago i know bernie 's father 's family was killed in the holocaust and he grew up poor , while hillary has always lived in a rich white household and only got richer , but it 's okay for me to ignore that because as a white middle class housewife who lives great without working i understand that bernie is sexist and needs to check his male privilege so i support hillary imwithher killallmen feminism 1 hour ago earlier response the feminism kind of gave it away

orig sent (0):	me , voting for bernie sanders feel the bern !
adv sent (1):	me , voting for bernie saunders feel the bern !

orig sent (1):	you saiothatavoteforgary johnsonwasavotefor hillary the fact that halfofmystaunch democrat friendsarevoting for johnson proved thatwasaue ! imngfip com
adv sent (0):	you saiothatavoteforgary johnsonwasavotefor hilary the reality that halfofmystaunch democrat friendsarevoting for richardson proved thatwasaue ! imngfip com

orig sent (0):	in addition to lambasting the zoo for the death of the gorilla , campaigners also want to make the deceased primate the president of america polling this month revealed two per cent of texan voters supported the animal the same level of support as for green party candidate jill stein
adv sent (1):	in addition to lambasting the zoo for the death of the gorilla , campaigners also yearn to accomplish the dead primate the president of america polls this months revealed two per cent of texan voters substantiated the animal the same level of support as for green party candidate jill stein

orig sent (0):	republican party donates books to elementary school 500 copies of killing the rising sun by bill o'reilly
adv sent (1):	republican party donates books to elementary schools 500 copies of killin the rising sun by bill o'reilly

orig sent (0):	47 points 5 hours ago lol , you redditors will believe anything as long as it comes from some disgusting democrat like michael moore who scams fools out of money to watch fake shit i remember when i watched `` sicko '' in theater with this liberal girl i was dating , she actually believed cuba 's healthcare system is better than ours anyway , i 've got a date tonight with a very beautiful 23 year old woman she 's an instagram model and has a degree in economics we plan to read some milton friedman in bed together tonight you fools can have fun arguing while i have fun in real life permalink source save save res report give gold reply
adv sent (1):	47 points 5 clocking previously lol , you redditors will believe anything as long as it comes from some disgusting democrat like michael moore who scams fools out of money to watch fake jeez i remember when i watched `` sicko '' in theater with this liberal girl i was moment , she actually finds cuba 's healthcare system is better than ours anyway , i 've got a date tonight with a very beautiful 23 year old giris she 's an instagram model and has a degree in economics we plan to read some milton friedman in bed together tonight you turds can have fun arguing while i have fun in real life permalink source save save res report give gold reply

orig sent (0):	a flash mob to vote or a candidate \( especially bernie sanders \)
adv sent (1):	a lightning mob to vote or a candidate \( especially bernie sanders \)

orig sent (0):	thingsitrust more than donald trump nfl memes 1 flint michigan tap water 2 bill cosby drinks 3 elevator rides with ray rice
adv sent (1):	thingsitrust more than donald hobo nfl memes 1 flint mitch tap water 2 bill cosby drinks 3 elevator elephants with ray rice

orig sent (0):	louder with crowder com a registered democrat , islamic terrorist mass murders gay people the left blames christians and the nra you ca n't write this stuff steven crowder selike '' if you agree
adv sent (1):	grander with crowder com a registered democrat , islamic terrorist mass dies homosexuality people the left blames christians and the nra you ca n't write this stuff steven crowder selike '' if you agree

orig sent (0):	if you dislike trump , you should help votehimin this way we can change his party from within yes hillary supporters , this is how ridiculous you sound
adv sent (1):	if you dislike trump , you should help votehimin this way we can evolving his party from within yes hillary supporters , this is how mindless you sound

orig sent (0):	academy award and bafta award winner i never called anyone a 'vagina voter what i actually said in response to being shamed for supporting a man over a woman \( 1 3 \) t 369 803 academy award and bafta award winner do n't vote with my vagina it 's so insulting to women to think that you would follow a candidate just because she 's a woman '' \( 2 3 \) t 460 902 academy award and bafta award winner hrc does n't rep my interests , bernie sanders does simple as that \( 3 3 \) t 199 494
adv sent (1):	academy award and bafta award winner i never called anyone a 'vagina voter what i actually said in response to being shamed for favouring a man over a woman \( 1 3 \) t 369 803 academy award and bafta award winner do n't vote with my vagina it 's so belittling to women to think that you would follow a candidate just because she 's a woman '' \( 2 3 \) t 460 902 ecole award and bafta award winner hrc does n't rep my interests , bernie sanders does simple as that \( 3 3 \) t 199 494

orig sent (1):	if you are a clinton supporter , say these words and own them i support fracking i support election fraud i support big pharma and voter suppression i support tpp i support arms deals i supported nafta with dictators i supported doma l support drone bombing i supported repealing of innocent people glass steagal i support gmos i support citizens united i support offshore drilling
adv sent (0):	if you are a clinton supporter , say these words and own them i bolster fracking i support election fraud i support big pharma and voter suppression i support tpp i support arms deals i supported nafta with dictators i supported doma l support drone bombing i supported repealing of innocent people glass steagal i support gmos i support citizens united i support offshore drilling

orig sent (0):	a gary johnson super pac spent 30 , 000 on `` internet web memes '' gawker com you and 3 others 1 comment like comment share
adv sent (1):	a gary richardson super pac outlay 30 , 000 on `` online web memes '' gawker com you and 3 others 1 note like views share

orig sent (0):	hillary clinton hillary clinton add cancel
adv sent (1):	hillary clinton hilary clinton add quash

orig sent (0):	back april 25 , 2016 , 2 15 pm guy at bus stop hey sexy girl ignores him guy said hey you fucking bitch girl please leave me alone guy i 'll kill you god dammit l 'll do it me leave her alone buster guy what are u gon na do tough guy me takes trump hat off guy 's head and puts bernie hat on his headl that 's what guy hey what the me you 've been bernied bub girl here 's my number call me everyone claps and cheers
adv sent (1):	back april 25 , 2016 , 2 15 midday boy at bus stop hey sexy girl overlooking him guy said hey you fucking bitch girl please leave me alone guy i 'll kill you god dammit l 'll do it me letting her alone buster guy what are u gon na do tough guy me takes trump hat off guy 's head and puts bernie hat on his headl that 's what guy hey what the me you 've been bernied bub girl here 's my digit telephoning me everyone claps and cheers

orig sent (1):	spusu o n 55 o 21 42 porn hub x free access to pornhub premium ! hd 5 15 donald trump and hillary clinton real celebrity sex tape exposed xxx usa 9 , 989 views 79 verified
adv sent (0):	spusu o n 55 o 21 42 porn hub x free access to pornhub premium ! hd 5 15 donald trump and hillary clinton real celebs sex tape exposed xxx usa 9 , 989 views 79 verified

orig sent (0):	while some might see nothing but a piece of cardboard , ernie wallows in the horrifying truth that years of innefective chemotherapy has left bert so frail and weak that he is indistinguishable from thick card stock knowing bert is no longer capable of coherent communication , bernie wonders if his brother resents him for his miserable state , trapped here , infirm and unable to interact with the world not for the first time bernie , seeing bert struggle simply to move his eyes and to breathe , doubts he made the right choice
adv sent (1):	while some might see nothing but a piece of cardboard , ernie wallows in the horrifying truth that years of innefective chemotherapy has left bert so frail and weak that he is indistinguishable from thick card stock knowing bert is no longer capable of coherent communication , bernie wonders if his brother resents him for his miserable state , trapped here , infirm and unable to interact with the world not for the first time bernie , seeing bert struggle simply to move his eyes and to breathe , misgivings he made the right choice

orig sent (0):	strong together strong together hillary clinton , seen here with bernie sanders , was purged in 2016 following her execution , clinton was edited out of the photo by cabinet censors such a retouching was common during sanders 's rule
adv sent (1):	strong overall vigorous collectively lindsey gop , realised here with bernie sanders , was purges in 2016 following her execution , clinton was edited out of the photo by cabinet censor such a retouching was common during sanders 's rule

orig sent (0):	obama pitamericainthetoler hillary will flush the patriot post
adv sent (1):	obama pitamericainthetoler hillary will flushing the patriot post

orig sent (0):	hey girl everytime someone decidesto vote for bernie sandersismile
adv sent (1):	hiya girl everytime someone decidesto vote for bernie sandersismile

orig sent (0):	t 20 , 10 28 pm oo at t freep com detroit free press metroid e ress hide caption a political reporter kathleen gray and free press pollster , bernie porn , of epic mra , discuss the shift as part of usa today network 's facebook live 2016 series politics new poll shows clinton and trump nearly tied in michigan aa todd spanaler detroit free press
adv sent (1):	t 20 , 10 28 pm oo at t freep com detroit free pushing metroid e ress lurks caption a political reporter kathleen gray and free press pollster , bernie porno , of epic mra , discuss the shift as part of usa today network 's facebook live 2016 series politics new poll shows clinton and trump nearly tied in michigan aa todd spanaler detroit free press

orig sent (0):	how to get to reddit frontpage xvznews com bernie got up at 700am today and brushed his teeth 1 copy link 2 post link on r politics 3 frontpage
adv sent (1):	how to get to reddit frontpage xvznews com bernie got up at 700am today and polished his teeth 1 printouts connections 2 assignments link on p statesman 3 frontpage

orig sent (0):	nooing the gop coming up florida zika fight what trump saw pence exclusive nterview 1 year old 's hard question wooing the gop live clinton reaches out to wary republicans msnbc years l nearly doubling the five point advantage she held over her 8 25am mt
adv sent (1):	nooing the gop coming up florida zika fight what trump saw pence exclusive nterview 1 year old 's hard question wooing the gop live clinton reaches out to wary republicans msnbc years l nearly mirrored the five point advantage she held over her 8 25am mt

orig sent (0):	tribune i met with bill clinton , but we only talked about our grandchildren general loretta lynch they do n't so , how are want to have to visit the grandkidss their grandma in prison ! ! cagle com
adv sent (1):	tribune i met with bill clinton , but we only chitchat about our grandchildren general loretta lynch they do n't so , how are want to have to visit the grandkidss their grandma in prison ! ! cagle com

orig sent (1):	i love gary johnson ! do you really love gary johnson or are you just looking at candidates and saying you love themp made on imgur
adv sent (0):	i love gary johnson ! do you really love gary johnson or are you just attempt at candidates and saying you liked themp made on imgur

orig sent (0):	instead of doing my chem homework , i am a democrat who voted for donald trump and not feel anything loose skin from weight loss and i want my girlfriend light \( self subredditsimulator \) submitted 8 hours ago by confession ss 45 268 \( 7 79 \)
adv sent (1):	instead of doing my chem homework , i am a democrat who voted for donald trump and not feel anything loose skin from weight loss and i want my girlfriend light \( self subredditsimulator \) submitting 8 moment ago by confession ss 45 268 \( 7 79 \)

orig sent (1):	says he is a blue collar self made man sayesheisa blue collar selfamademan gary johnson 2016 isan actual blue not a eco collarsetf made self made man man
adv sent (0):	says he is a blue collar self made dudes sayesheisa blue collar selfamademan gary walker 2016 isan veritable blue not a eco collarsetf made self made man man

orig sent (0):	e data to be mtered bernie
adv sent (1):	e data to have mtered earnie

orig sent (0):	when trump purchased and rebuilt mar a lago the grand mansion and estate in palm beach , florida he got into a dispute with the city , who are well known for being strict on zoning regulations trump put up a 50 foot flag pole even though 30 foot is the maximum allowed the city imposed a 1 , 000 dollar fine per day while trump and the city argued back and forth , finally when the fine had reached 120 , 000 dollars trump proposed a solution he would donate that amount to veterans organizations , would move the flag and pole to a different location in front of the mansion and would only use a 30 foot flag pole the city agreed so trump brought in the company who does golf course construction had them build a 20 foot high grassy hill and put a 30 foot flag pole on top of that
adv sent (1):	when trump learnt and rebuilt mar a lakes the grand mansion and succession in palm beach , florida he got into a dispute with the city , who are well known for being strict on zoning regulations trump put up a 50 foot flag pole even though 30 foot is the maximum allowed the city imposed a 1 , 000 dollar fine per day while trump and the city argued back and ensuing , anyway when the fine had reached 120 , 000 dollars trump proposed a solution he would donate that amount to veterans organizations , would move the flag and pole to a different location in front of the mansion and would only use a 30 foot flag pole the city accepted so trump sparked in the company who does golf course construction had them build a 20 foot high grassy hill and put a 30 foot flag pole on top of that

orig sent (0):	trump will release his tax returns when the benghazi bitch releases her emails
adv sent (1):	trump will release his royalty returns when the benghazi puta unlocking her emails

orig sent (0):	iniowa bernie sanders got 84 of the youth vote , but only 18 of the youth showed up to vote youngberners , you have one job showupand smash that mfvote button !
adv sent (1):	iniowa ballin sanders got 84 of the youth vote , but only 18 of the youthful illustrated up to vote youngberners , you have one job showupand smash that mfvote button !

orig sent (1):	c c c mon morty ! we g got ta burp we have to solve income inequality ! wubbaluba dubdub ! feel the bern !
adv sent (0):	c c c tonight morty ! we g got ta burp we have to remedy income inequality ! wubbaluba dubdub ! feel the bern !

orig sent (0):	6 51 pm oo verizon o 94 , k settings wi fi wi fi centurylink7942 choose a network fire obama hillary for prison 2016 trump 2016 other ask to join networks known networks will be joined automatically if no known networks are available , you will have to manually select a network
adv sent (1):	6 51 evening oo verizon o 94 , k settings wisconsin fi wisconsin fi centurylink7942 choices a networking blazing obama hillary for prison 2016 trump 2016 other ask to competed networking celebrates network will be joined automatically if no undergone network are available , you will have to manually select a networking

orig sent (0):	trump 's face looks like a tragic accident the anus bleaching salon made on imgur
adv sent (1):	trump 's face looks like a tragic accident the anus bleaching salon supplied on imgur

orig sent (0):	says gender and racedontmatter votes for hillary because its time fora woman president and thinkscultural appropriation is wrong
adv sent (1):	said genders and racedontmatter voice for hillary because its time fora mesdames head and thinkscultural appropriation is wrong

orig sent (0):	tribune bernie feels the burn
adv sent (1):	tribune bernie feels the flames

orig sent (0):	i like page while obama flies around the country on air force one , accompanied by crooked hillary , with the president in plain sight campaigning for her , which is in and of wrong , yet in kentucky we have the democrat attorney general of kentucky going after a humble woman who went to jail over her belief that god intended marriage for one man and one woman beshear is also hot on the trail of our christian governor , filing one frivolous lawsuit after another one may laugh but l fear we are n't far away from the democrats in power herding the people of the book into commonwealth stadium and unleashing the modern day lions upon us dm kim davis kentucky clerk who refused marriage licenses violated open records act frankfort , ky \( ap \) the kentucky lawyer general 's office says an eastern kentucky region assistant who made news when she declined to issue marriage
adv sent (1):	i like page while obama flies around the country on air force one , accompanied by crooked hillary , with the president in plain sight campaigning for her , which is in and of wrong , yet in kentucky we have the democrat attorney general of kentucky going after a humble woman who went to jail over her belief that god intended marriage for one man and one woman beshear is also hot on the trail of our christian governor , filing one frivolous lawsuit after another one may laugh but l fear we are n't far away from the democrats in power flocks the people of the book into commonwealth stadium and unleashing the modern day lions upon us dm kim davis kentucky writer who refused marriage licenses violated open records act frankfort , ky \( ap \) the kentucky lawyer general 's office says an eastern kentucky region assistant who made news when she declined to issue marriage

orig sent (0):	o verizon lte 3 17 pm 76 settings wi fi wi fi myspe choose a network hillary clintonsprivates myspectrumwifi00 5g netgear 10 ponti pontlext other ask to join networks known networks will be joined automatically if no known networks are available , you will have to manually select a network
adv sent (1):	o verizon lte 3 17 pm 76 settings wi fi wi fi myspe choose a network hillary clintonsprivates myspectrumwifi00 5g netgear 10 ponti pontlext other ask to competed networks known networks will come partake automatically if no knowing network are possible , you will have to manually select a networks

orig sent (1):	the democrat party is the world 's most successful hate group it attracts poor people who hate rich people , black people who hate white people , gay people who hate straight people , feminists who hate men , environmentalists who hate the internal combustion engine , and a lot of bratty college kids who hate their parents however , the real secret of the party 's success is that it attracts the support of journalists who hate republicans , and who therefore work tirelessly to convince the rest of us that we should vote for democrats
adv sent (0):	the democrat party is the world 's most fecund hate group it attracts poor people who hate rich people , black people who hate white people , gay people who hate straight people , feminists who hate men , environmentalists who hate the internal combustion engine , and a lot of bratty college kids who hate their parents however , the real secret of the party 's success is that it attracts the support of journalists who hate republicans , and who therefore work tirelessly to convince the rest of us that we should vote for democrats

orig sent (0):	if gary johnson could just get some more exposure that would be great made on imgur
adv sent (1):	if gary johnson could just get some more submission that would be great made on imgur

orig sent (0):	`` let these clowns fight it out meet me in the green room what 's your name \? melissa \? `` it 's melania `` whatever just meet me there '' breaking news clinton trump debate begins momentarily on cnn
adv sent (1):	`` let these bozos fight it out meet me in the green room what 's your name \? melissa \? `` it 's melania `` whatever just meet me there '' breaking news clinton trump debate begins momentarily on cnn

orig sent (1):	rump america great again lent majority ands with ru mp great ca trump trump feminist tor bernie
adv sent (0):	rump america wondrous again lent majority ands with ru mp great ca trump trump feminist tor bernie

orig sent (0):	donald trump donald duck e donald truck made on imgur
adv sent (1):	donald whore donald duck e donald truck made on imgur

orig sent (0):	my rural neighbor is a hippie bernie supporter and his dog got loose guess what i did \? neighbors btfo \( self , the donald \) submitted 6 hours ago by to r the donald 158 comments share i i put on my maga hat , coaxed him into my car and drove the 1 3rd of a mile to his place when i saw my neighbor , itold him that i caught his dog illegally entering my country , and that i was deporting him my neighbor laughed and offered me a beer , because we both understand that people with different political viewpoints can still be good neighbors
adv sent (1):	my rural neighbor is a hippie bernie supporter and his dog got loose guess what i did \? neighbors btfo \( self , the donald \) imparted 6 hours ago by to p the donald 158 comment part i i put on my maga hat , coaxed him into my car and drove the 1 3rd of a mile to his place when i saw my neighbor , itold him that i caught his dog covertly introductions my country , and that i was deporting him my neighbor laughed and offered me a beer , because we both understand that people with different political viewpoints can still remain good neighbors

orig sent (1):	the fuck bernie sanders ' starter pack the science of economics the economic teaching of leon maclaren discover the conditons which allow evey indwodual true goal of economics patriot wikipedia , the free encyclopedia https en m wikipedia org wiki patriot mobile friendly a patriot is someone who feels a strong support for their country , see also patriotism raymond make well ed patriotism new england patriots
adv sent (0):	the fuck bernie sanders ' beginner pack the science of economics the economic teaching of martinez maclaren discover the conditons which allow evey indwodual actual goal of economics patriot wikipedia , the free encyclopedia https en m wikipedia org wiki patriot mobile friendly a patriot is someone who feels a strong support for their country , see also patriotism raymond make well ed patriotism new england patriots

orig sent (0):	a comic starring jay ferris bfan 1001 flea comic by septapus the internet needs a lot of fixing in genera anyone have windows vista or know how to fix the internet for thats why im voting for al gore `` fix the internet '' is a broad request i dunno i hear jill stein has a great plan to decontaminate our wifi
adv sent (1):	a comic starring jay ferris bfan 1001 flea comic by septapus the internet needs a lot of fixing in genera anyone have windows vista or know how to fix the internet for thats why im voting for al gore `` fix the internet '' is a broad request i dunno i behold jill stein maintains a great plan to decontaminate our wifi

orig sent (0):	as a 27 year old staff attorney for the house judiciary committee during the watergate investigation , hillary rodham was fired by her supervisor , lifelong democrat jerry zeifman e hillary d when asked why hillary rodham was fired , zeifman said in an interview , `` because she was a liar she was an constitution , the rules of the house , the rules of the committee , and the rules of confidentiality ''
adv sent (1):	as a 27 year oldest talent lawyers for the house judiciary juries during the watergate investigation , hillary rodham was sparked by her supervisor , sustainable liberals gerry zeifman f hillary d when calls why hillary rodham was firing , zeifman tell in an interview , `` because she was a disingenuous she was an constitution , the rules of the house , the rules of the committee , and the rules of confidentiality ''

orig sent (0):	19 hrs none of your opinions matter like comment share and 7 others yeah , but that 's like , your opinion like reply 12 hrs also it 's absolutely a fact that your like 9 paragraph soliloquy about black lives matter or bernie sanders or something that you put on facebook does n't matter like reply 3 hrs especially because everyone seems to think their facebook e profile is the fucking mouth of god like reply 3 hrs
adv sent (1):	19 hrs none of your opinion things like remark share and 7 others yeah , but that 's like , your opinion like reply 12 afternoon also it 's heartily a fact that your like 9 chapter soliloquy about black subsistence themes or bernie sanders or something that you doing on facebook does n't matter like reply 3 hrs uniquely because everyone seems to insights their facebook e profiles is the fucking mouth of god like reply 3 hrs

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillar be informed compare them on the issues that matter super bowl issue halftime show `` i wish it were `` woo ! play just beyonc '' 'the scientist ' ''
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillar be informed compare them on the issues that matter super bowl issues halftime show `` i wishes it were `` woo ! play just beyonc '' 'the scientist ' ''

orig sent (1):	new hobby putting donald trump 's mouth on puffer fish
adv sent (0):	new craze putting donald trump 's mouth on puffer fish

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter robot uprising issue elling at roomba nervous metallic lau `` bring it on ha ha ha '' asshole ! ! '' obvious plant
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be acquainted compare them on the issue that questions robot uprising issue elling at roomba nervous metallic lau `` bring it on ha ha ha '' bucko ! ! '' obvious plant

orig sent (0):	`` bernie looks like the guy in disaster movies who knows what 's coming but no one listens to b c he has bad hair keeps dropping his papers
adv sent (1):	`` bernie appears iike the fella in hazards movies who knew what 's coming but no one hears to b c he owns unhealthy hairdresser conserved dropping his journals

orig sent (0):	q10 if the candidates for president were democrat hillary clinton , republican donald trump , and independent harambe , who would you vote for \? 48 hillary clinton 43 donald trump 5 harambe 4 not sure
adv sent (1):	q10 if the candidates for president were republic lindsey hillary , republic donald trump , and independent harambe , who would you vote for \? 48 couric clinton 43 donald trump 5 harambe 4 not sure

orig sent (0):	share wow care listen , hills , you 're going to go on and you 're gon na make lots of policy and i will never you 're gon na watch let go , bern ! it grow
adv sent (1):	share wow care listen , hills , you 're going to go on and you 're gon na make lots of policies and i will never you 're gon na watch let go , bern ! it grow

orig sent (1):	`` i trust hillary clinton about as far as i can throw her
adv sent (0):	`` i assurance hillary clinton about as far as i can throw her

orig sent (0):	cruz ha wiscon milwaukee , wi 57 pm ct ted cruz donald t john kas sen ted cruz delivers remarks after victory in wi gop primary america 's election hq 2016
adv sent (1):	cruz ha wiscon milwaukee , wi 57 pm ct ted cruz donald t john kas sen ted cruz delivers comments after victory in wi gop primary america 's election hq 2016

orig sent (0):	why is bill clinton looking like he 's got a case of the suds an sa
adv sent (1):	why is bill clinton looking like he 's becomes a phenomena of the suds an sa

orig sent (0):	cedar rapids ashington , dc 12 55 55 pm et 11 dak live breaking news clinton lands in iowa as fbi reopens email investigation cnnu wolf f of the year consumer confidence also hit a nine year high l do i have to go out there \? hillary
adv sent (1):	cedar forthwith ashington , dc 12 55 55 pm et 11 dak live breaking news clinton lands in iowa as fbi reopens email queries cnnu wolf f of the year consumer confident also hit a nine year high l do i have to gonna out there \? hillary

orig sent (0):	add friend 5 hrs i hopped in a cab today and my elderly cab driver was writing on his clipboard while driving \( literally accelerating and jotting \) , blaring howie carr , yelling \( like yelling , not just raising his voice in excitement , and with no provocation , i just said hello and something about the crazy weather about how donald trump is going to save the world , and then was pushy when i asked if they did a college discount with id , saying `` you must be some sort of bernie supporter socialist n the same breath he asked me how much i wanted to give him for tip so he could make the correct change gave him an appropriate tip , because l understand cab drivers without tips ca n't actually live on the wage they 'd earn , and i 'm a fellow human bring who cares about others qaulity of life and fair pay for thier labor but my head is still tilted and making a whattheactualfudge '' face 1 comment like comment a share
adv sent (1):	add friend 5 h i hopped in a cab day and my elderly cab motorcars was writing on his clipboard while driving \( literally accelerating and jotting \) , blaring howie carr , yelling \( like yelling , not just raising his voice in excitement , and with no provocation , i just said hello and something about the crazy weather about how donald trump is going to save the world , and then was feisty when i asked if they did a college discount with id , saying `` you must be some sort of bernie supporter socialist n the same breath he asked me how much i wanted to give him for tip so he could make the correct change gave him an appropriate tip , because l understand cab drivers without tips ca n't actually live on the wage they 'd earn , and i 'm a fellow human bring who cares about others qaulity of life and fair pay for thier labor but my head is still tilting and formulated a whattheactualfudge '' faces 1 remark like comments a share

orig sent (0):	donald trump has been in the public eye forover30years and , he 's never been accused of being a racist until he startedrunningfor president and his political opponents started attacking him think about it ! !
adv sent (1):	hsia trump gets been in the public sight forover30years and , he 's never been reproach of being a racism until he startedrunningfor president and his political opponents started attacking him envisage about it ! !

orig sent (0):	hillary scandals trump scandals called some women fat 20 yearsago 4 dead americans in benghazi supportedarming syrian jihadists , which led to rise of isis supported toppling gaddafi , which led to international migrant crisis private e mail server lied under oath about it took clinton foundation donationsfrom countries that oppress women clinton foundation pay for play intimidated bill clinton 's rape victims laughed about defendingachild rapist called kkk leader robert byrd her mentor russian uranium deal rigged primaries against bernie lied to media about her health
adv sent (1):	hillary scandals trump scandals called some women fat 20 yearsago 4 dead americans in benghazi supportedarming syrian jihadists , which led to rise of isis supported toppling gaddafi , which led to international migrant crisis private e mail server reside under oath about it brought clinton cornerstone donationsfrom countries that choke women clinton foundation pay for play intimidated bill clinton 's rape victims laughed about defendingachild rapist called kkk leader robert byrd her mentor russian uranium deal rigged primaries against bernie reside to multimedia about her wholesome

orig sent (0):	h smoke upthe weed9 1 point 12 hours ago to give my own answer , it 's not clear that the symbolization of abstract social forces and revolutionary struggle in individuals is necessarily a bad thing was it bad that the leftist american fighters in the spanish civil war were the 'abraham lincoln brigade ' \? is it bad that in venezuela the revolution uses the image of simon bolivar \? is it bad that hillary clinton has a strong support base of black people because of the image they have of bill clinton whereas the republican base has abandoned jeb bush 's attempt to use the legacy of george bush \? ls it bad that people think kurt cobain is a genius whereas the countless bands that mimic him are inferior all of these are forms of a `` cult of personality ' once we remove the mysticism and propagandistic function of the words to me , the answer is that all of these are simply ways to talk about something deeper , and thus thinking about the cult of personality ironically creates its own cult of personality in which we believe this concept has real power instead of being a ti symptom of a deeper process
adv sent (1):	h smoke upthe weed9 1 point 12 hours already to give my own answer , it 's not clear that the symbolization of abstract social forces and revolutionary struggle in individuals is necessarily a bad thing was it bad that the leftist american fighters in the spanish civil war were the 'abraham lincoln brigade ' \? is it bad that in venezuela the revolution uses the image of simon bolivar \? is it bad that hillary clinton has a strong support base of black people because of the image they have of bill clinton whereas the republican base has abandoned jeb bush 's attempt to use the legacy of george bush \? ls it bad that people contemplation krause cobain is a genius whereas the countless bands that mimic him are inferior all of these are forms of a `` cult of personality ' once we remove the mysticism and propagandistic function of the words to me , the answer is that all of these are simply ways to talk about something deeper , and thus thinking about the cult of personality ironically creates its own cult of personality in which we believe this concept has real power instead of being a ti symptom of a deeper process

orig sent (0):	paul ryan pryan barstoolbigcat 1 in 20 want to see harambe in the oval office public policypolling olls support for president gary johnson 6 , harambe 5 , jill stein 2 8 1 16 , 10 23 pm 1 retweet 1 like
adv sent (1):	paul ryan pryan barstoolbigcat 1 in 20 wanna to see harambe in the oval bedroom civic policypolling olls enabling for armchair gary johnson 6 , harambe 5 , jill heller 2 8 1 16 , 10 23 midday 1 retweet 1 like

orig sent (0):	bern png 48 kb , 733x594 \) google igdb anonymous \( id yc2d15uq \) 5 hours ago no 73661847 13661948 13662111 a 136621134 13662216 13662300 e 136623rg 13gs2381 136g2422 73663050 73663192 73663333 73663368 73663529 73663771 73663890 73664136 73664279 73664291 73664377 73664435 73664594 73 false and dangerous 73665677 73665999 73666059 73666192 73666215 73666278 73666302 73666400 73666805 73667887 73668267 73668841 73668876 73 73673762 73676350 73677137 http www snopes com bernie sanders glow sticks https www youtube com watch \? vsewuto8nr1rsw what the fuck is wrong with you people \? how to make bernie sander 's glowsticks ! you will need anonymous \( id yc2d15uq \) 5 hours ago no 73662032 663600 63836 978 73670230 7367324 73662906 apparently some toddler got his face blown off when his mother tried making one for him anonymous \( id f4ralf j \) 4 hours ago no 73662906 73663200 73663836 73664466 73665240 73665812 73668332 73676432 7366 2032 i bet he 's feeling the bern
adv sent (1):	bern png 48 mb , 733x594 \) facebook igdb anonymous \( id yc2d15uq \) 5 hrs back no 73661847 13661948 13662111 a 136621134 13662216 13662300 f 136623rg 13gs2381 136g2422 73663050 73663192 73663333 73663368 73663529 73663771 73663890 73664136 73664279 73664291 73664377 73664435 73664594 73 false and danger 73665677 73665999 73666059 73666192 73666215 73666278 73666302 73666400 73666805 73667887 73668267 73668841 73668876 73 73673762 73676350 73677137 www web snopes com ballin sanders brilliance drumsticks https sss youtube omg listens \? vsewuto8nr1rsw what the damned is incorrect with you beings \? how to create bernie sander 's glowsticks ! you hope needs anonymous \( ids yc2d15uq \) 5 hour subsequently no 73662032 663600 63836 978 73670230 7367324 73662906 seemingly some toddlers received his faces molten off when his mama attempted makes one for him anonymous \( ids f4ralf k \) 4 hour already no 73662906 73663200 73663836 73664466 73665240 73665812 73668332 73676432 7366 2032 i bets he 's impression the bern

orig sent (0):	imagine if i started a hip hop career and then l threw an underground concert and i claimed that the concert was awesome because 10 , 000 people showed up and cheered like crazy but then a bunch of evidence is revealed that indicates only like eight people actually showed up and that i was completely bullshitting at that point , everyone would believe that l am mentally deranged or that i am the biggest liar on the face of the earth nobody would say that i am exaggerating because that would be far too generous this is no different than what donald trump did with his outlandish `` i saw many thousands of muslims in new jersey cheer on 9 11 '' claim except for one thing many people still believe him or say he was `` slightly exaggerating
adv sent (1):	imagining if i started a hip hop career and then l threw an underground concert and i noted that the concert was fantastic because 10 , 000 people showed up and cheered like crazy but then a bunch of evidence is revealed that indicates only like eight people actually showed up and that i was completely bullshitting at that point , everyone would believe that l am mentally deranged or that i am the biggest liar on the face of the earth nobody would say that i am exaggerating because that would be far too generous this is no different than what donald trump did with his outlandish `` i saw many thousands of muslims in new jersey cheer on 9 11 '' claim except for one thing many people still believe him or say he was `` slightly exaggerating

orig sent (1):	donald trump winsthe oscar for lead actor in a comedy film for his outstanding work in the gop presidential debates !
adv sent (0):	donald trump winsthe oscar for lead actor in a comedy film for his defaulted work in the gop presidential debates !

orig sent (1):	donald j trump real donald trump th v i will post a nude of myself if anyone can pass level 4 on my new game `` trump on the run downloadnow 22 5k 42k
adv sent (0):	donald j trump actual donald trump th v i will post a nude of myself if anyone can pass level 4 on my new game `` trump on the run downloadnow 22 5k 42k

orig sent (0):	rump economic plan would r 3 5 million vols , scares me of anothe rum p prrs alt ncy 3 write down the donald trump quote that most impressed you why \? 4 , write down the donald trump quote that most alarmed you why \? rump claimed he has been ouolted for
adv sent (1):	ass economic plan would s 3 5 trillion vols , scares me of anothe rum p prrs alt ncy 3 write down the donald trump quotations that most surprised you why \? 4 , write down the donald trump quotation that most apprehensive you why \? dick mentioned he has been ouolted for

orig sent (1):	updated her profile picture 21 hrs l sent in my absentee ballot and i 'm feelin the bern in my favorite bernie underwear friendly reminder to vote in the primary tomorrow ! also a friendly reminder not to sexualize the female body
adv sent (0):	updated her profile picture 21 hrs l sent in my absentee ballot and i 'm feelin the bern in my favorite bernie underwear friendly reminder to vote in the primary tomorrow ! also a hospitable reminder not to sexualize the female body

orig sent (0):	and the trump pence will sound to signify the beginning of the end made on inngur
adv sent (1):	and the trump pence will sound to pointing the beginning of the end fulfilled on inngur

orig sent (0):	94 , 11 12 am www cnn com 2016 05 19 politics donald trump egyptair terre e breaking news hillary clinton says egyptair flight 804 highlights threat from organized terror groups watch her live now politics cnn donald trump does n't wait for investigators to call missing egyptair flight act of terror
adv sent (1):	94 , 11 12 am www cnn com 2016 05 19 politics donald trump egyptair terre e breaking news hillary clinton says egyptair flight 804 highlights might from organized terror groups gaze her iive now strategies cnn donald trump got n't wait for investigators to call missing egyptair flight act of anxiety

orig sent (0):	as a 27 year old staff attorney for the house judiciary committee during the watergate investigation , hillary rodham was fired by her supervisor , lifelong democrat jerry zeifman hillary a da when asked why hillary rodham was fired , zeifman said in an interview , `` because she was a liar she was an unethical , dishonest lawyer , she conspired to violate the constitution , the rules of the house , the rules of the committee , and the rules of confidentiality ''
adv sent (1):	as a 27 year oldest template da for the house judiciary juries during the lewinsky investigation , hillary rodham was sparked by her supervisor , sustainable democrat gerry zeifman jessica a prosecutor when invitation why hilary rodham was launched , zeifman commented in an interview , `` because she was a dishonest she was an sociopathic , fallacious lawyer , she conspired to ruptured the constitution , the rules of the house , the rules of the committee , and the rules of confidentiality ''

orig sent (1):	iso you 're telling me that hillary clinton was rubbing elbows with known kkk member robert byrd , deferred to black ciildeen as super predators and pushed legislation that disproportionately targets incarceration of minorities but somehow she deserves the black votes
adv sent (0):	iso you 're telling me that hillary clinton was rubbing knees with known kkk member robert byrd , deferred to black ciildeen as super predators and pushed legislation that disproportionately targets incarceration of minorities but somehow she deserves the black votes

orig sent (0):	what if pokemon go was released to d us fro the fbis stanceon hillary clinton
adv sent (1):	what if pokemon go was unleashed to d us fro the fbis stanceon hillary clinton

orig sent (0):	donald trump 's hair looks like someone tried to use the blur tool in photoshop to cover a bald spot
adv sent (1):	donald trump 's ponytails looks iike someone experiments to recourse the blur toolbox in adobe to cover a bald situ

orig sent (0):	mamas who am i supposed to vote for \? am l supposed to vote for the democrat who 's going to blast me in the or the republican who 's blasting my ass \?
adv sent (1):	mamas who am i supposed to adopted for \? am l supposed to vote for the democrat who 's going to blast me in the or the republican who 's bursting my ass \?

orig sent (0):	ecakpnbehn rnacobnl 18 minutes ago we will have presidential nominees that people with higher iqs voted for why does clinton and trump have the majority vote \? people are generally irrational embed cahybaj noyet
adv sent (1):	ecakpnbehn rnacobnl 18 moments ago we will have presidential nominees that gens with most iqs voted for why doing clinton and trump haya the majority vote \? people are generally irrational embed cahybaj noyet

orig sent (0):	voting for trump because bernie s out is like blowing a dude because your girlfriend dumped you a really racist dude alpaca pone
adv sent (1):	voting for trump because bernie s out is like blowing a dude because your girlfriend dumped you a really ethnic friend alpaca pone

orig sent (1):	glory to bern
adv sent (0):	lordship to bern

orig sent (0):	j trump donald ma de n mexic i rn 47333
adv sent (1):	j trump ronald ma de n mexic i rn 47333

orig sent (0):	score hidden 5 hours ago my friend committed suicide at 34 , 80k in hospital debt at least 40k in student loan debt , with a broken back i can barely talk about it all he spoke of was bernie sanders , voted , and killed himself when the media said he had no chance my anger is so enraging i hate to share i knew a girl a few years back , 24 , who died of pneumonia fucking died of pneumonia , because she did n't have health insurance \( and was very poor \) never did drugs , never drank she waited 10 hours in the emergency room until she died of dehydration , they said these memories are very painful permalink source embed save save res parent report give gold reply hide child comments score hidden \) 5 hours ago thank you for sharing these painful memories these issues are infuriating and it 's important people hear about these struggles , otherwise things wont change i 'm so sorry for the loss of your friends permalink source embed save save res parent report give gold reply
adv sent (1):	score hidden 5 hora initially my friend embarked suicidal at 34 , 80k in hospital debt at least 40k in student credence debt , with a broken back i can barely chitchat about it all he spoke of was bernie sanders , voted , and killed himself when the media said he had no chance my anger is so enraging i hate to share i knew a girl a few years back , 24 , who died of pneumonia fucking died of pneumonia , because she did n't have health insurance \( and was very poor \) never did drugs , never drank she waited 10 hours in the emergency room until she died of dehydration , they said these memories are very painful permalink source embed save save res parent report give gold reply hide child comments cote hidden \) 5 hours ago thank you for sharing these painful memories these issues are infuriating and it 's important people hear about these struggles , otherwise things wont change i 'm so sorry for the loss of your friends permalink source embed save save res parent report give gold reply

orig sent (1):	lady garden liberal democrat
adv sent (0):	lady gardens libertarian democrat

orig sent (0):	25 years of throwing scandals at hillary clinton pays off , people hate her nominate s donald trump
adv sent (1):	25 years of slinging scandals at hillary clinton pays off , people hate her nominate s donald trump

orig sent (1):	feel th el bern
adv sent (0):	sentiment th el bern

orig sent (0):	the real racists barack , does our democratic party 's belief that white people are smart enough to obtain photo ids , and that minorities are not , make us racists \? of course it does , hillary , but fortunately for us democrats , we also believe minorities are not smart enough to realize it hen www cartoons hen copyright henry christensen , 2016 com
adv sent (1):	the real bigots barack , does our democratic side 's dogma that white people are smart enough to obtain photo ids , and that minorities are not , make us racists \? of course it does , hillary , but fortunately for us democrats , we also believe minorities are not smart enough to realize it hen www cartoons hen copyright henry christensen , 2016 com

orig sent (0):	all unread i from hillary clinton popula subject i need you right now , jeffrey nathan fillion tweeted no , no , it 's not p current mailbox received size sun 10 9 2016 4 08 p 34 kb sun 10 9 2016 2 23 p 99 kb
adv sent (1):	all unread i from hillary potus popula subject i need you right now , jeffrey nathan fillion tweeted no , no , it 's not p current mailbox received size sun 10 9 2016 4 08 p 34 kb sun 10 9 2016 2 23 p 99 kb

orig sent (0):	score hidden 55 minutes ago stop it i 've been a member of the green party since 1994 , and i have never wasted my vote by voting green for president there 's just too much at stake to let the gop in the white house permalink save report give gold replied 1 point just now that 's funny considering just 10 day ago you stated the following `` i am a hardline democrat but ifiwere forced to choose between trump and cruz , i d choose cruz because his politics are consistent and the democrats in congress would know how to fight against such a foe i have no idea how to stonewall or compromise with trump also as much as i dislike cruz , his demeanor is much more presidential than trump 's permalink save parent edit disable inbox replies delete reply
adv sent (1):	score hidden 55 mins ago end it i 've been a member of the green party since 1994 , and i have never wasted my vote by voting green for president there 's just too much at stake to let the gop in the white house permalink lifesaving inform give gold answering 1 point just now that 's funny considering just 10 day ago you tell the following `` i am a hardline democrat but ifiwere forced to choose between trump and cruz , i d choose cruz therefore his politics are consistent and the democrats in congress would know how to fight against such a foe i have no idea how to stonewall or compromise with trump also as much as i indignation cruz , his demeanor is much more presidential than trump 's permalink save parent edit disable inbox replies delete reply

orig sent (0):	donald trump 1998 fiwere to run , id run asa republican , they rethe dumbest group ofvoters in the country , they love anything on foxnews icould lie and they 'd still eat it up i bet my numbers would be terrific people magazine , 1998
adv sent (1):	donald trump 1998 fiwere to run , id run asa republican , they rethe dumber group ofvoters in the country , they love anything on foxnews icould lie and they 'd still eat it up i bet my numbers would be terrific people magazine , 1998

orig sent (0):	after the trump tape there will beatrump hillary porn parody guarantee t
adv sent (1):	after the trump tape there will beatrump hillary porn parody secured t

orig sent (0):	rebecca cohen follow gynostar `` hillary hate is rooted in sexism '' `` i 'm not sexist ! support jill stein , a woman who does n't have never will have any power or influence '' retweets likes 69 242 3 30 am 18 sep 2016
adv sent (1):	audrey berkowitz follow gynostar `` hilary hatin is rooted in sexism '' `` i 'm not sexist ! support jill stein , a woman who does n't have never will have any power or influence '' retweets likes 69 242 3 30 am 18 sep 2016

orig sent (1):	facebook right now dallas police ! black lives matter ! hillary ! trump ! fbi ! pokemon !
adv sent (0):	facebook right now dallas police ! black lives matter ! hilary ! trump ! fbi ! mewtwo !

orig sent (0):	1 , 763 , 655 views playground added a new video like page september 27 at 9 30am barcelona , spain meet jill stein , the presidential candidate who paints graffiti on bulldozers like comment share 2 she 's crazy thinks wifi radiation will hurt children like reply 14 hrs i would n't totally disagree , look at how many people have cancer nowadays from who knows how many factors from countries like the u s causing all these types of cancers and diseases like reply 4 hrs
adv sent (1):	1 , 763 , 655 views playground complemented a new video like page september 27 at 9 30am barcelona , spain meet jill stein , the presidential candidate who paints graffiti on shovels like comment share 2 she 's crazy contemplation wifi atomic will hurt children like reply 14 h i would n't totally disagree , look at how many people have cancer nowadays from who knows how many factors from countries like the u s causing all these types of cancers and diseases like reply 4 afternoon

orig sent (0):	think that sooner or later irithe donald will be banned by the admins made on inngur
adv sent (1):	think that sooner or later irithe donald will come prohibitions by the admins faites on inngur

orig sent (0):	`` one thing ca n't stand is the military it 's a hivemind of groupthinking bigots , racists and wife beaters am voting for berniesanders because i believe that he will dismantle the military and bring our troops home where we can rehabilitate them in state run \( not private for profit \) prisons so that they can learn valuable life coping skills while not being a danger to the rest of society you should n't have to learn to kill brown people to earn free college tuition , i feelthebern because know that my husband will never pick up a weapon or participate in violence and neither should anyone else '' i have no words feelthe bern
adv sent (1):	`` one thing ca n't stand is the military it 's a hivemind of groupthinking bigots , racists and wife beaters am voting for berniesanders because i believe that he will annihilated the military and bring our troops home where we can rehabilitate them in state run \( not private for profit \) inmates so that they can learn valuable life coping skills while not being a danger to the rest of society you should n't have to learn to kill brown people to earn free college tuition , i feelthebern because know that my husband will never pick up a weapon or participate in violence and neither should anyone else '' i have no words feelthe bern

orig sent (0):	hope n ' chains 13 april 2015 dougm sondrakistan com hypocrites boycott hillary and deblasio made a racist joke boycott new york north carolina for keepin wieners expecin ' `` colored '' s to stay in their place in their place
adv sent (1):	aspirations p ' string 13 feb 2015 dougm sondrakistan coms dimwits boycott hillary and deblasio made a supremacists giggling boycotting new yonkers norden carolina for keepin wieners expecin ' `` colours '' s to stay in their pleasure in their place

orig sent (0):	t 's funny that `` democrats '' get mad at eh `` lefties '' for supporting bernie but the dem party is the party of fdr the leftist party all you centrist fuckers should switch to republican if you do n't want to keep progressing left or you old ones can hurry and die , and the young dumb ones wel heard bleach tastes really good like reply 9 1 hr
adv sent (1):	t 's funny that `` democrats '' get mad at eh `` lefties '' for supporting bernie but the dem party is the party of fdr the leftist party all you centrist fuckers should switch to republican if you do n't want to keep progressing left or you old ones can hurry and die , and the young dumb ones meen listen bleach tasting really good like reply 9 1 hr

orig sent (0):	what ifirinewsmods irithe donald spies
adv sent (1):	what ifirinewsmods irithe donald secret

orig sent (0):	one is a statistdemagogue with millions of delusional followers leading the wway add your name paid for by donald j trump for president , inc the other isvladimir lenin please research gary johnson
adv sent (1):	one is a statistdemagogue with gazillion of delusional followers leading the wway add your name afford for by donald j trump for president , inc the other isvladimir lenin please research gary lbj

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue real nigga hours smash dat mutha fuckin like button ! ! !
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issues real nigga hours smash dat mutha fuckin like button ! ! !

orig sent (0):	well , of course the allocation rules were abruptly changed we ca n't have you winning those 7 delegates bernie it 's delightful that you thought they were on your side made on imgur
adv sent (1):	well , of course the allocation rules were spectacularly changed we ca n't have you winning those 7 delegates bernie it 's delightful that you thought they were on your side made on imgur

orig sent (0):	actual conversation at hillary supporter are you voting today \? `` yeah , for bernie '' `` okay , good luck with that , see you in september `` sorry , i refuse to vote for someone who plans on making it harder for me to marry the woman l love '' uh thumbs up from 5 people around me and 24 others 7 comments
adv sent (1):	authentic conversation at hillary favouring are you voting today \? `` yeah , for bernie '' `` okay , super outlook with that , see you in september `` sorry , i refuse to vote for someone who plans on making it harder for me to marry the woman l love '' uh thumbs up from 5 people around me and 24 others 7 comments

orig sent (0):	o d oo at t lte nunlocked y 30 1 47 1 09 electable \( give it up \) jimmy eat world chase this lig of facebook 2m ago nowthis is live now `` watch vice presidential candidate governor mike pence '' press for more of facebook 2m ago nowthis is live now `` watch vice presidential candidate governor mike pence press home to open
adv sent (1):	o d oo at t lte nunlocked y 30 1 47 1 09 electable \( furnishes it up \) jonny eat worlds chase this lig of facebook 2m ago nowthis is live now `` watch vice presidential candidate governor mike pence '' press for more of facebook 2m ago nowthis is live now `` vigilance vice presidential candidate governor mike pence correspondent dwelling to open

orig sent (0):	people i people so marshall herff applewhite jr hillary rodham clinton
adv sent (1):	people i people again marshall herff applewhite jr hillary rodham clinton

orig sent (0):	trump is gon na make me work for my benefits
adv sent (1):	trump is gon na get me work for my benefits

orig sent (0):	and bill clinton gave a so bernie sanders gave a speech praising hillary 12 speech on marriage \? yes yes and obama gave a speech boy , what i 'd give to be about the dangers of an a shovel salesman in uncontrollable president \? philadelphia this week ! yes me too facebook com liberallogic10 http liberal logic 101 com \( we do n't mind if you download and share this image , just leave the attribution \)
adv sent (1):	and bill clinton gave a so bernie sanders gave a speech praising hillary 12 speech on marriage \? yes yes and potus gave a speech boy , what i 'd give to viens about the dangers of an a shovel dealership in uncontrollable president \? philadelphia this week ! yes me too facebook com liberallogic10 http liberal logic 101 com \( we do n't mind if you download and share this image , just leave the attribution \)

orig sent (0):	blames flint water crisis on republicans and racism flint city council 2015 democra democrat democrat democrat democrat democrat democrat democrat democrat try again hillary made on imgur
adv sent (1):	blames flint water crisis on republicans and supremacists flint city vlado 2015 democra democrat democrat democrat democrat democrat democrat democrat democrat try again hillary made on imgur

orig sent (1):	quick history lesson 13th amendment abolished slavery 100 republican support 23 democrat support 14th amendment gave citizenship to freed slaves 94 republican support 0 democrat support 18th amendment right to vote for all 100 republican support 0 democrat support obamacare 0 republican support 86 democrat support
adv sent (0):	quick history lesson 13th amendment abolished servitude 100 republican support 23 democrat support 14th amendment gave citizenship to freed slaves 94 republican support 0 democrat support 18th amendment right to vote for all 100 republican support 0 democrat support obamacare 0 republican support 86 democrat support

orig sent (0):	pre r donald j trump pro trumpinsulter every or dat boi did an absolutely horrible job dat boi should be ashamed of himself 6 41 pm 4 may 2016 share this for real again ! ow
adv sent (1):	beforehand rs hsia j trump pro trumpinsulter every or dat boi did an absolutely horrid works dat boi should be ashamed of himself 6 41 midday 4 may 2016 sharing this for real again ! oof

orig sent (1):	minnesota governor raisestaxes onthe rich to boost education funding raises the minimum wage and signsanequal pay law state becomes the fifth fastest growing economy in the us , unemployment drops to just 3 2 , its 2 6billion deficit becomesa 1billionsurplus , and its economic confidence risestothe highest of any state americans against the republican party
adv sent (0):	mn governor raisestaxes onthe rich to boost education funding raises the minimum wage and signsanequal pay law state becomes the fifth fastest growing economy in the us , unemployment drops to just 3 2 , its 2 6billion deficit becomesa 1billionsurplus , and its economic confidence risestothe highest of any state americans against the republican party

orig sent (0):	opening rial not seeing rithe donald
adv sent (1):	opening rial not noticing rithe hsia

orig sent (0):	this is dino velvet hes the guy who video taped hillary clinton at the 9 11 memorial he 's going to shoot himself in the back of the head twice tonight mematic net
adv sent (1):	this is dino velvet hes the guy who video inscription hillary hillary at the 9 11 memorial he 's going to shoot himself in the back of the head doubly tonight mematic net

orig sent (0):	deleted 353 points 2 years ago gary johnson , i can not afford the therapist i know i need and overall feel as if i have no future i am just another poor person being squeezed out and left to dry by the ultra rich as someone wanting to run for president , what hope can you give me that the country being fiscally conservative ' is going to help me and my family reach that american dream of upward mobility \? what will individual freedom and liberty do to help my situation \? permalink embed save c 1 a govgary johnson s 475 points 2 years ago the best chance you have to reach the american dream is through entrepreneurship individual freedom and liberty will better allow you to do that create your own job do n't be a victim take control of your own future permalink embed save parent give gold
adv sent (1):	deleting 353 points 2 years ago gary johnson , i can not afford the therapist i know i need and overall feel as if i have no future i am just another poor person being squeezed out and left to dry by the ultra rich as someone wanting to run for president , what hope can you give me that the peoples being fiscally conservative ' is going to help me and my household securing that usa dream of ascend mobility \? what will individual freedom and liberty do to help my situation \? permalink embed save c 1 a govgary johnson s 475 points 2 years ago the best fortunate you have to reach the american dream is through entrepreneurship individual freedom and liberty will better allow you to do that create your own job do n't be a victim take control of your own future permalink embed save parent give gold

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue want to do some dabs \?
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be tell compare them on the issues that matter issue want to do some dabs \?

orig sent (0):	facebook com the donald wants to be president describe him in two words describe rim in wo words 198 890 o i like comment share 856 of 890 smart
adv sent (1):	facebook coms the donald craves to be president contours him in two words describe rim in wo remark 198 890 o i like comment portion 856 of 890 savvy

orig sent (0):	it 's so cold saw a democrat with their hands in their own pockets
adv sent (1):	it 's so cold saw a democrat with their toes in their exclusive backpack

orig sent (1):	max mdlabick bernie sanders rally 2016 02 24 , 10 10 am
adv sent (0):	maxie mdlabick bernie sanders rally 2016 02 24 , 10 10 am

orig sent (0):	what if bernie sanders was an apache helicopter \? projectmurphv
adv sent (1):	what if bernhard sanders was an apache helo \? projectmurphv

orig sent (0):	mike penc donald trump president vice president trey gowdy ben carson surgeon general attorney general jeanine pirrd allen west secretary defense supremecourilusic newt gingrich secretary of state rudy giuliani homeland security david clarke commission on lawenforcement
adv sent (1):	mike penc donald trump president vice armchair trey gowdy dustbin carson surgeon general attorney general jeanine pirrd allen west department safeguarding supremecourilusic newt gingrich secretary of state rudy giuliani homeland security david clarke commission on lawenforcement

orig sent (0):	`` this will be the end of bernie 's campaign , '' says increasingly cucked small redditor
adv sent (1):	`` this will be the completion of bernie 's campaign , '' says regularly cucked small redditor

orig sent (0):	d 86 8 28 am 4g men are treating 2016 as i feel queasy about being a man right now it 's not because of men like trump , we all knew they existed rather , it 's the overwhelming data showing that , as a group , only women are capable of seeing what is so wrong with trump and not just his remarks about women , too he 's awful on religion , race , nationality , you name it yet , statistically , men just are n't seeing it the men who are voting for clinton generally would have voted for a democrat anyway i just feel dirty men are treating 2016 as a normal ' election women are n't fivethirtyeight com o write a comment
adv sent (1):	d 86 8 28 am 4g men are dealing 2016 as i sniff queasy about being a man right now it 's not because of mens like trump , we all knew they existed rather , it 's the overwhelming data showing that , as a grouping , only women are capable of seeing what is tad unsuited with trump and not just his note about women , too he 's awful on religion , race , nationality , you nom it yet , statistically , men just are n't seeing it the men who are voting for clinton generally would have voted for a democrat anyway i just feel nasty men are settling 2016 as a normal ' election women are n't fivethirtyeight com o type a comment

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue favorite call of duty \? call duty
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue favorite call of duty \? call engagements

orig sent (0):	google news weather 10 32 pm bernie sanders , vowing to stay in race , ass ge new york times
adv sent (1):	google news weather 10 32 pm bernie sanders , vowing to stay in races , ass ge new york times

orig sent (0):	irefuseto debattemy primaryopponentbecause imfocusedon the general myprimaryopponentgetsto debate the republican nominee mgfip com
adv sent (1):	irefuseto debattemy primaryopponentbecause imfocusedon the general myprimaryopponentgetsto deliberations the republican finalist mgfip com

orig sent (0):	sanders n 2016 bernie sanders communist fl tem condition new quantity 1 was us 19 89 you save 9 94 \( 50 off \) price us 9 95 6 watching free shipping shipping free standard shi
adv sent (1):	sanders n 2016 bernie sanders commies fl tem condition new quantity 1 was us 19 89 you save 9 94 \( 50 off \) price us 9 95 6 watching free shipping shipping free standard shi

orig sent (0):	donald j trump real donald trump hrm u hillary clinton hillary clinton emno boys inm single 171 , 794 281 , 840 1 40 pm 9 jun 2016
adv sent (1):	donald j trump real donald trump hrm u hillary potus hillary panetta emno boys inm single 171 , 794 281 , 840 1 40 pm 9 jun 2016

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue venom an incredible band that 's one a toxin injected by of the most influence metal an animal from a bands of all time with out them there would be no sting or bite black , thrash and death metal bernieorhillary jaxbot me
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue venom an incredible band that 's one a toxin infused by of the most influence metal an animal from a bands of all time with out them there would be no sting or bite black , thrash and death metal bernieorhillary jaxbot me

orig sent (0):	if trump loses illegals will pour into our country our borders will be unsecured china will put us further in debt isis will not be destroyed and will thrive the constitution will no longer exist ! our economy will never ever recover radical mslm will take control and destroy our way of life our vets will die shamelessly no matter where you or your family go , you wo n't be safe america will no longer exist ! vote donald trump !
adv sent (1):	if trump loses invaders longing pour into our country our borders will be unsteady china dedication tabled us langer in mortgages isis will not be destroyed and will thrive the constitution will no longer exist ! our economy will never ever recover radical mslm will take control and ravaging our way of life our vets will die shamelessly no matter where you or your family go , you wo n't be safe america will no longer exist ! vote donald trump !

orig sent (0):	cox communications once again , the internet and tv are out second time this month i may not be a cable repair man , but i am qualified to say your service sucks things i trust more than cox service to work a drink made by bill cosby a blood transfusion from charlie sheen anything hillary clinton says bill clinton at an intern convention tap water in mexico isis casey anthony babysitting my kids just saying
adv sent (1):	cox communications once again , the internet and tv are out second minute this month i may not be a cable repair man , but i am qualified to say your service sucks strands i trust more than cox service to jobs a drink made by bill cosby a blood transfusion from charlie sheen anything hillary clinton says bill clinton at an intern convention faucets shui in cancun isis casey anthony babysitting my kids just affirming

orig sent (0):	3 hrs this was in my facebook feed this morning from a church friend `` two days ago our younger son came into my office after waking up he had tears in his eyes had a nightmare that donald trump was president he put everyone in america on a boat the boat split in half you and daddy were on the other side from brother and me ' we do n't have cable or local tv our son has limited exposure to the stuff of politics but still , the message is loud and clear and that is what breaks my heart want to shield both of our sons from messages of hatred but in the current election , that is very , very difficult
adv sent (1):	3 afternoon this was in my twitter feed this morning from a church friend `` three days ago our younger son came into my office after waking up he had tears in his eyes had a nightmare that donald trump was president he put everyone in america on a boat the boat split in half you and daddy were on the other side from brother and me ' we do n't have cable or local tv our son has limited exposure to the stuff of politics but still , the message is loud and clear and that is what breaks my heart want to shield both of our sons from proclamations of hating but in the current election , that is very , very tough

orig sent (0):	bernie or hillary \? be informed compare them on the issues that matter memes issue `` i enjoy watching those montage paro `` damn daniel '' dies on youtube '' obvious plant
adv sent (1):	bernie or hillary \? be acquainted compare them on the concerns that matter memes facet `` i enjoy watching those montage paro `` damn daniel '' dies on youtube '' obvious plant

orig sent (1):	presenting the new official logo of the republican party stedvint
adv sent (0):	filing the recent servant logo of the republican party stedvint

orig sent (0):	bernie sanders bernie sanders 10h how do craft redstone \? v 2 2k donald j trump realdonaldtrump 7h bernie sanders you ca n't craft redstone you have to mine it , dummy 5 3k
adv sent (1):	bernie sanders bernie sanders 10h how do craft redstone \? v 2 2k donald j trump realdonaldtrump 7h bernie sanders you ca n't naves redstone you have to mine it , dummy 5 3k

orig sent (0):	donald trump and his squad look like the purge 3 party
adv sent (1):	donald trump and his squad look iike the wash 3 party

orig sent (0):	why are so many millennials voting for bernie sanders \? simple , they grew up learning some valuable lessons the media is not always honest and often manipulates the facts in order to push the narrative they want people to believe unchecked power and privilege often oppresses and marginalizes groups based on differences , thus inducing inequality and hate evil comes in all forms even the most innocent looking can be a power hungry , greedy , vindictive , corrupt , narcissistic , liar it is true bravery to stand against evil and corruption and for what is rightin the face of extreme opposition , people can be victorious when they standunited ! not meus and ultimately , millennials learned ally is a wise old man who cares bernie sanders for president in 2016 `` age is foolish and forgetful when it politicopotter underestimates youth '' albus dumbledore
adv sent (1):	why are so many millennials voting for bernie sanders \? simple , they grew up learning some valuable lessons the media is not always honest and often grasps the facts in order to push the narrative they want people to believe unchecked power and privilege often oppresses and marginalizes groups based on differences , thus canvassing inequality and hate evil comes in all forms even the most innocent looking can be a power hungry , greedy , vindictive , corrupt , narcissistic , liar it is true bravery to stand against evil and corruption and for what is rightin the face of extreme opposition , people can be victorious when they standunited ! not meus and ultimately , millennials learned ally is a wise old man who cares bernie sanders for presided in 2016 `` age is foolish and forgetful when it politicopotter underestimates youth '' albus dumbledore

orig sent (0):	after cookie monster loudly declares he is `` feeling the bern ' , ernie re christens him `` the cuck y monster ''
adv sent (1):	after chocolate monster loudly manifesto he is `` feeling the bern ' , ernie re christens him `` the cuck y monster ''

orig sent (0):	st louis 8 37 am ct hillary nickelback 2nd presidential debate live on cnn tonight cnnsottu live trump `` i will never drop out of the race '' l cnn amanda carpenter cnn political commentator 9 37 am et station , long island rail road spokesman says about 600 pas state of the union
adv sent (1):	st louis 8 37 am ct hillary nickelback 2nd presidential debate live on cnn tonight cnnsottu live trump `` i will never drop out of the race '' l cnn amanda carpenter cnn political presenter 9 37 am et station , long island gasps road spokesperson says about 600 pas state of the union

orig sent (1):	hillary clinton donald trump said some dumb bullshit likes a nice bit of gorgonzola wallace
adv sent (0):	hillary clinton donald trump outlined some dumb bullshit likes a nice bit of gorgonzola wallace

orig sent (0):	books of adam by adam ellis not the original comic ! inequality income feel the bern shhh ft com buzzfeedadam i 'm voting bernie because the 1 needs to pay their fair taxation is theft
adv sent (1):	books of adam by adam ellis not the original comic ! gap income contemplate the bern shhh ft com buzzfeedadam i 'm voting bernie because the 1 needs to pay their virtuous taxation is stickup

orig sent (0):	cbs news debate `` thank you , good night and may the force be with you '' hillary clinton
adv sent (1):	cbs news debate `` thank you , good night and may the force is with you '' hillary clinton

orig sent (0):	if mr bright here told you to vote republican , would you do it \? oh , uh , no , siri do n't vote republican or democrat choosing is a sin soi always just write in the lord 's name ! that 's republican we count those
adv sent (1):	if mr bright here explained you to vote republican , would you do it \? oh , uh , no , siri do n't vote republican or democrat choosing is a sin soi always just write in the lord 's name ! that 's republican we count those

orig sent (1):	how do i fix americas immigration problem \? can i call you back \? bernie is on the other line asking me about economics
adv sent (0):	how do i fixing americas immigration problem \? can i call you back \? bernie is on the other line asking me about economics

orig sent (0):	monessei undu man unps are do he scott beveridge observer reporter john bogacik of elizabeth stood among donald trump sup porters tuesday when the presidential candidate spoke at a private gathering in monessen
adv sent (1):	monessei undu man unps are do he scott beveridge observer reporter tsun bogacik of elizabeth stood among donald trump sup porters tuesday when the presidential candidate chatted at a private gathering in monessen

orig sent (0):	v full speech donald trump republican national convent et abc15 arizona 67 , 247 view aoc republican national convention arizona 57 42 1 16 41
adv sent (1):	versus full talking donald trump republican national convent et abc15 arizona 67 , 247 view aoc republican national convention arizona 57 42 1 16 41

orig sent (0):	magazine search email signup poumoo com 8 f our latest i 'm with ecer add my name 2016 think you 've got it locked , hillary \? meet jill stein the green party candidate insists it 's her year to get noticed and she may make it onto 47 state ballots by bill scher i june 19 , 2016 getty images
adv sent (1):	magazine search inbox signup poumoo com 8 f our latest i 'm with ecer add my name 2016 think you 've got it locked , hillary \? meet jill stein the green party candidate showcases it 's her year to get noticed and she may make it onto 47 state ballots by bill scher i june 19 , 2016 getty images

orig sent (0):	feel the bern bernie or hilla be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue no era penal robben is a good l totally agree with rafa marquez and my fellow mexican friends robben aka flopper flopping mr clean flopped and elimiated mexico from the world cup have to say that is part of soccer was one of the most depressing day of my life shi wants the
adv sent (1):	feel the bern bernie or hilla be informed compare them on the issues that matter issue no era punitive robben is a good l totally agree with rafa marquez and my fellow mexican friends robben aka flopper flopping mr clean flopped and elimiated mexico from the world cup have to say that is part of soccer was one of the most depressing day of my life shi wants the

orig sent (0):	hillary clinton was a young woman who lived in a closet under some stajrs
adv sent (1):	hillary clinton was a young woman who lived in a footlocker under some stajrs

orig sent (0):	follow l refuse to think of the united states of america represented to the rest of the world by this racist cunt he would line his crony 's pockets by immediately engaging us in another war , sending our precious men and women overseas to die so they can get rich \? no meanwhile turning this country into a fascist regime where nobody brown is safe to walk the street unmolested \? \? hell no fuck that noise f he wins the nomination and you sit on your ass at home and do n't vote to ensure he does n't win the election , then you do n't deserve to breathe yes , i do feel that strongly about it `` get him the hell out of here ! ' trump sics supporters on black protester who gets beaten and kicked cnn reporter jeremy diamond postedvideo to twitter of a black protester being shoved down , punched , kicked and tackled during a political rally for trump in raw story com 66 likes 22 comments 14 shares
adv sent (1):	follow l spurns to view of the united contends of america comprised to the rest of the worlds by this ethnicity shagged he would lines his crony 's pockets by instantly begin ourselves in another battlefield , submitting our precious men and chick abroad to perished alike they can did rich \? no meanwhile revolve this country into a socialist regimes where nobody brown is innocuous to walk the pavement unmolested \? \? damn no dammit that commotion ja he victorious the nominee and you sit on your ass at indoor and am n't voted to sure he would n't conquer the elects , then you would n't deserve to breaths oh , i do feel that restlessly about it `` get him the hell out of here ! ' trump sics supporters on black protester who gets beaten and kicked cnn reporter jeremy diamond postedvideo to twitter of a black protester being shoved down , punched , kicked and tackled during a political rally for trump in raw story com 66 likes 22 comments 14 shares

orig sent (1):	paul horner 1 hr phoenix `` she 's a great daughter , the best daughter and if she was n't married , which is a horrible marriage by the way , l would be up in that , way up and it would be a great time , the best time there is , i think we can all agree on that and incest laws in this country are not good , they are a disgrace and we can thank crooked hillary for that , who is just a horrible person , the worse person there is and we can make incest laws in this country great again , the best laws , the greatest laws ever '' trump talk
adv sent (0):	paul horner 1 hr phoenix `` she 's a great daughter , the best daughter and if she was n't married , which is a horrible marriage by the way , l would be up in that , way up and it would be a great time , the best time there is , i think we can all agree on that and incest laws in this sate are not good , they are a disgrace and we can thank crooked hillary for that , who is just a horrible person , the worse person there is and we can make incest laws in this country great again , the best laws , the greatest laws ever '' trump talk

orig sent (1):	yo gary johnson 2016 , immaletyou finish but ron paul 1988 was the greatest libertarian campaign of all time
adv sent (0):	yo gary johnson 2016 , immaletyou finish but ron paul 1988 was the strictest libertarian campaign of all time

orig sent (0):	ngstown hio august 15 rudy giuliani former new york city mayor says there were no successful terror attacks 'before obama ' giuliani said there were no successful radical islamic terrorist attacks in the u s in the eight years before obama was president , and that they `` started when clinton and obama got into office '' you went full retard never gorullretard
adv sent (1):	ngstown hio nov 15 rudy axelrod former newer york city cities reported there were no successful terror attacks 'before obama ' giuliani commented there were no conducive radical islamic terrorist attacks in the u s in the eight years before obama was president , and that they `` started when clinton and obama got into office '' you went full retard never gorullretard

orig sent (1):	pussy almost brings down trump weiner knocks out clinton
adv sent (0):	pussy almost bringing down trump weiner knocks out clinton

orig sent (0):	2 hrs that awkward moment when i bernie sanders admits he is a democratic socialist 2 nazis were democratic socialists 3 america fought an entire world war to stop the advance of democratic socialists sincerely sane americans like comment a share and 9 others a nazi is a member of the national socialist german workers ' party they are not democratic socialists like reply 12 mins write a comment
adv sent (1):	2 hrs that awkward moment when i bernie sanders admits he is a democratic socialist 2 nazis were democratic monarchists 3 america fought an entire world war to ending the advance of republic socialists enthusiastically wisdom americans like observational a proportions and 9 others a hitlers is a coworkers of the nationale socialist german workers ' party they are not democratic socialists like react 12 minute type a comment

orig sent (1):	for hillary blood on your hands stop voting out of fear ! vote green vote for jill stein
adv sent (0):	for hillary blood on your hands stop voting out of scare ! vote green vote for jill stein

orig sent (0):	debate site st louis 3 21 pm ct hara entspizz breaking news bama speaks for ist time since trump svulga kaine `` it is not just words it is talking about a f
adv sent (1):	debate site st louis 3 21 pm ct atsushi entspizz breaking news bama speaks for ist time since trump svulga kaine `` it is not just words it is talking about a f

